Extraordinary Women
Extraordinary Women: Women in Time, Women Without It; is a 2009 Dominican documentary feature by director Yildalina Tatem Brache, where she captures the lives of six influential women from the Dominican Republic.

The Law in These Parts
The Law in These Parts( Hebrew: שלטון החוק) is a 2011 Israeli documentary film, written and directed by Ra'anan Alexandrowicz, about the court system operated by the Israel Defense Forces in the West Bank. It won the Best Documentary award at the 2011 Jerusalem Film Festival and the World Cinema Grand Jury Prize in Documentary at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival. At the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival," The Law in These Parts" won the" Special Jury Prize – International Feature". The documentary is divided into five chapters and reviews the legal history of Israel ’s occupation of Arab territories. Alexandrowicz interviews a number of the judges who were responsible for carrying out the orders of military commanders. Only judges who presided over occupation- related cases are interviewed; as Alexandrowicz noted, “ This film is not about the people who broke the law. It ’s about the people who wrote the law. ”

Part
Part, parts or PART may refer to:

Law of Switzerland
Swiss law is a set of rules which constitutes the law in Switzerland.

Berlin Sonnenallee station
Sonnenallee is a railway station in the Neukölln district of Berlin. It is served by the S- Bahn lines and and is located at the southeastern end of the major street of the same name, about which a film was produced in 1999.

The Law
The Law may refer to:

The Law (1943 film)
The Law is a Bollywood film. It was released in 1943.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Shirin Farhad (1931 film)
Shirin Farhad is a 1931 Hindi language musical film. It was the second Indian film with sound. It was based on the love story from the" Shahnameh" of Farhad and Shirin by Nizami Ganjavi. The film was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Nissar and Jehanara Kajjan. " Alam Ara" was released earlier the same year and was the first Indian film with sound.

Ra'anan Alexandrowicz
Ra'anan Alexandrowicz( born August 29, 1969, Jerusalem, Israel) is an Israeli film director and screenwriter. The documentary he directed," The Law in These Parts" won the Best Documentary Prize from the Van Leer Institute in the Jerusalem Film Festival and the Jury Prize for Best Documentary at the Sundance Film Festival.