KBGE (FM)
KBGE( 94.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to Cannon Beach, Oregon, United States. The station is currently owned by Manny and Dawn Barbosa, through licensee Captain Barbosa Media, LLC.

Robert Gordon (writer and filmmaker)
Robert Gordon is a Grammy Award- winning writer and filmmaker from Memphis, Tennessee. His work has focused on the American south—its music, art, and politics—to create an insider ’s portrait of his home, both nuanced and ribald.

Devil's Doorway
Devil's Doorway is a 1950 western film directed by Anthony Mann and starring Robert Taylor as an Indian who returns home from the American Civil War a hero awarded the Medal of Honor. However, his hopes for a peaceful life are shattered by bigotry and greed.

Akindele
Akindele is a surname of Yoruba origin meaning" conquering warrior returns home". Notable people with the surname include:

The Manny Files
The Manny Files is a 2006 young adult( middle and high school level) novel written by Christian Burch and published by Atheneum Books. It was a joint winner of the Josette Frank Award in 2007. Its sequel," Hit the Road, Manny", was released in 2008.

2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

The Manny
The Manny( German:" Der Nanny") is a 2015 German comedy film directed and co-written by Matthias Schweighöfer, starring himself as a greedy and super- busy real- estate developer, and Milan Peschel as a victim of his development who accidentally ends up babysitting his two children.

Manny the Frenchie
Manny the Frenchie( born February 7, 2011) is a French Bulldog from Chicago, Illinois, that achieved Internet celebrity via the posting of his photographs on various social media websites. He is currently the world's most followed and popular Bulldog on the Internet. Between his channels and the Manny and Friends channels, they reach over 4 million followers worldwide. Manny is owned by Amber Chavez and Jon Huang and was named after Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao. His social media presence, as of December 2014, Manny has more than 20,000 followers on Twitter, more than 1.4 million" likes" on Facebook and more than 900,000 followers on Instagram. He has been used as a canine model for consumer Martha Stewart's PetSmart line and has been featured on Steve Harvey's television talk show. In 2016 Manny was awarded The CW's World Dog Award for Most Pawpular and Influential dog.

A Heart Returns Home
A Heart Returns Home is a 1956 West German musical drama film directed by Eugen York and starring Maximilian Schell, Willy Birgel and Maria Holst. It was shot at the Wandsbek Studios in Hamburg and on location in Celle. The film's sets were designed by the art director Albrecht Becker and Herbert Kirchhoff.

Mitrea Cocor
Mitrea Cocor is a 1953 Romanian war drama film directed by Victor Iliu and Marieta Sadova. It is based on the 1949 socialist realist novel of the same name by Mihail Sadoveanu. A poor young Romanian goes off to fight during the Second World War, and returns home at the same time as the Red Army advances into the country.