Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

William Black (businessman)
William Black (c. 1902 – March 7, 1983) was an American businessman and philanthropist who founded Chock full o'Nuts. He was known as a considerate employer who provided benefits, such as medical insurance, pension plans and bonuses, for his predominantly African-American employees. He also donated millions of dollars to medical research.

Carla Martin
Carla Jean Martin( born c. 1954) is an American lawyer.

Thomas Scott (diver)
Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.

Albert Thompson (footballer, born 1912)
Albert Thompson( born 1912, date of death unknown) was a Welsh footballer.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Harry Johnson (wrestler)
Harry Johnson( 1903- date of death unknown) was an English wrestler.

Harry Wainwright (footballer)
Harry Wainwright( born 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer.

Bill Smith (footballer, born 1897)
William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.

Jean Martin (singer)
Jean Martin (1919–2004) was an American singer and actor. Born in Texas, she moved to New York and worked in radio and television during the 1950s. She was married to William Black, who was the founder of the Chock full o'Nuts restaurant chain and coffee brand.