Angel Eyes (film)
Angel Eyes is a 2001 American romantic drama film directed by Luis Mandoki and starring Jennifer Lopez, Jim Caviezel, and Jeremy Sisto. Written by Gerald Di Pego, the film is about a mysterious man who finds himself drawn to a female police officer with whom he forms a relationship that helps each to deal with trauma from their past. The original music score was composed by Marco Beltrami. The film received ALMA Award Nominations for Outstanding Actress (Jennifer Lopez) and Outstanding Director (Luis Mandoki).

Disguises (Robots in Disguise album)
Disguises or Robots in Disguise is the eponymous debut album by English Electropunk band Robots in Disguise.

Angel Eyes (Willie Nelson album)
Angel Eyes is the thirty- first studio album by country singer Willie Nelson.

Angel Eyes
Angel Eyes may refer to:

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.

Tōkidenshō Angel Eyes
Touki Denshou: Angel Eyes"( 闘姫伝承 ANGEL EYES)" is a Japanese video game. It was released in arcades in 1996, and later to the PlayStation console in 1997. It is a two- dimensional fighting game featuring all female cast of characters.

Angels Cry
Angels Cry or Angel's Cry may refer to:

Angeltown
Angeltown or Angel Town may also refer to:

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

Mickey's Disguises
Mickey's Disguises is a 1933 short film in Larry Darmour's" Mickey McGuire" series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy, the two- reel short was released to theaters on July 17, 1933 by RKO Radio Pictures.