Alexander de Brus
Alexander de Brus( c. 1285 – 9 February 1307), Dean of Glasgow, was a younger brother of King Robert I of Scotland, who supported his brother in the struggle for the crown of Scotland. He was captured by forces at Loch Ryan, Galloway, Scotland and later executed by the English. Born c. 1285 at Carrick, Ayrshire, Scotland he was the fourth son of Robert de Brus, 6th Lord of Annandale and Margaret, Countess Of Carrick. He is said to have been a learned man who was educated at Cambridge and was later named Dean of Glasgow. On February 9, 1307 shortly after King Robert returned to Arran from Rathlin, Andrew, his brother Thomas de Brus and Sir Reginald Crawford landed with a force of some 700 Irishmen at Loch Ryan. They were met by a force of Gallowaymen led by Dungal MacDouall, who was a supporter of the Comyns. Their force was overwhelmed and all three leaders were captured, badly wounded. All three were hanged, drawn and beheaded a few days later at Carlisle, Cumberland, England.

John de Seton
Sir John de Seton was a knight who took part in the War of Scottish Independence, as a supporter of Robert de Brus. He held lands in England and Scotland. Seton was a son of Sir John de Seton of Skelton, Cumberland and Erminia Lascelles. His brothers were Christopher and Humphrey de Seton. This branch of the Seton family had long served the Bruces in Yorkshire, Cumberland and Scotland. John performed fealty to King Edward I of England at Berwick on 28 August 1296. Seton was present on 10 February 1306 when Sir John Comyn, Lord of Badenoch was stabbed by Robert de Brus in Greyfriars Church, Dumfries. A letter of excommunication was issued naming the Robert de Brus, Earl of Carrick and three other knights, Sir Alexander Lindsay, Sir Christopher Seton, his brother and John as John Comyn's murderers. He was captured by English forces after the fall of Tibbers Castle in 1306. John was hung and drawn at Newcastle- upon- Tyne on 4 August 1306. He was executed on the basis that he was a witness to the murder of John Comyn, Lord of Badenoch by Robert de Brus< Earl of Carrick at Dumfries and holding Tibbers Castle against Edward I. His lands in Cumnock, Ayrshire were given to Roger, son of Finlay, in a charter from Robert de Brus, where it mentions a brother and a son.

Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale
Robert II de Brus," le Meschin( the Cadet)"( fl. 1138, died or 1194), was a 12th- century Norman noble and 2nd Lord of Annandale. He was the son, perhaps the second son, of Robert de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale. The elder de Brus' allegiances were compromised when David I invaded England in the later 1130s, and he had renounced his fealty to David before the Battle of the Standard in 1138. The younger Robert however remained loyal and took over his father's land in Scotland, whilst the English territories remained with the elder Robert and passed to the latter's elder son Adam de Brus, 2nd Lord of Skelton. Bruce family tradition has it that Robert II was captured by his father at the battle and given over to King Stephen of England. A legend tells that in the 1140s, Robert II was visited at Annan by St Malachy. St Malachy asked Robert to pardon a thief, but Robert hanged him anyway, and for this the River Annan destroyed part of his castle and the de Brus line received a curse from the holy man. Robert made Lochmaben the centre of his lordship and constructed a new" caput" there. He married Euphemia, daughter of Sir Adam de Crosebi or Crosbj of Albemarle( b c1098), and Cecily FitzDuncan( b c 1113). They had five known children: Robert was buried at Gisborough Priory in the North Riding, Yorkshire, England, a monastery founded by his father Robert I de Brus. As his eldest son, Robert, predeceased him, he was succeeded by his second son William.

William de Fenton
Sir William de Fenton, Lord of Baikie and Beaufort, was a 13th- 14th century Scottish noble. William was one of Robert de Brus, Lord of Annandale's auditors during the arbitration for the Crown of Scotland between 1291 and 1292. He performed homage to King Edward I of England at Berwick- upon- Tweed on 28 August 1296. He also performed fealty to Edward I on 14 March 1304 at St. Andrews. His coat of arms was" Argent, three crescents gules".

Robert de Brus, 4th Lord of Annandale
Robert de Brus, "the Noble" (ca. 1195–1245) was 4th Lord of Annandale. He was the son of William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale and Christina or Beatrice de Teyden. Robert had the same name as both his uncle and his grandfather. His uncle died before becoming Lord of Annandale, so William became 3rd Lord of Annandale. Robert married ca. 1219 Isobel of Huntingdon, the second daughter of David of Scotland, 8th Earl of Huntingdon, by which marriage he acquired the manors of Writtle and Hatfield Broadoak, Essex in England. They had his heir and successor, and a daughter: He died sometime between 1226 and 1233, and was buried in Gisborough Priory or in Sawtry Abbey.

William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale
William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale (died 16 July 1212), was the second but eldest surviving son of Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale. His elder brother, Robert III de Brus, predeceased their father, never holding the lordship of Annandale. William de Brus thus succeeded his father when the latter died in 1194. William de Brus possessed large estates in the north of England. He obtained from John, King of England, the grant of a weekly market at Hartlepool, and granted lands to the canons of Gisburn. Very little else is known about William's activities. He makes a few appearances in the English government records and witnessed a charter of William the Lion, King of Scotland. He married a woman called Christina, and had by her at least two sons and one daughter:

Robert de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale
Robert I de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale( – 1141) was an early 12th century lord, the first of the Bruce dynasty to hold lands in Scotland. A monastic patron, he is remembered as the founder of Gisborough Priory in Yorkshire, in present- day Redcar and Cleveland, in 1119.

Thomas de Brus
Sir Thomas de Brus( c. 1284 – 9 February 1307) was a younger brother and supporter of King Robert I of Scotland, in the struggle against the English conquest. He was captured by the MacDoualls at Loch Ryan, Galloway, Scotland and later executed by the English. Born c. 1284 at Carrick, Ayrshire, Scotland a son of Robert de Brus, 6th Lord of Annandale and Margaret, Countess Of Carrick. He was married to Helen Erskine. While leading a force supporting King Robert I along with his brother Alexander de Brus composed of eighteen galleys, they landed at Loch Ryan. The force led by the Bruces was quickly overwhelmed by forces led by Dungal MacDouall, who was a supporter of the Comyns. Thomas and his brother were captured, seriously injured in the fight. He was hanged, drawn, and beheaded on 9 February 1307 in Carlisle, Cumberland, England.

Isobel of Huntingdon
Isobel of Huntingdon( 1199 – 1251), also known as Isobel the Scot, was the daughter of David of Scotland, 8th Earl of Huntingdon, grandson of David I of Scotland, and Matilda of Chester. She married Robert Bruce, 4th Lord of Annandale, and through her came the claims firstly of her son in 1290 and later in the beginning of 14th century of her great- grandson Robert Bruce, 7th Lord of Annandale, to the Scottish throne. Her above- mentioned son Robert Bruce, 5th Lord of Annandale was regent and recognized heir presumptive of Scotland in the years just before her death.

Robert de Brus, 5th Lord of Annandale
Robert V de Brus( Robert de Brus), 5th Lord of Annandale( ca. 1215 – 31 March or 3 May 1295), was a feudal lord, justice and constable of Scotland and England, a regent of Scotland, and a competitor for the Scottish throne in 1290/ 92 in the Great Cause. His grandson Robert the Bruce eventually became King of Scots.