No Llores Por Mí
" No Llores Por M í"( English:" Do n't Cry for Me") is the fourth single released by Spanish singer- songwriter Enrique Iglesias from his eponymous debut studio album" Enrique Iglesias"( 1995), It was released by Fonovisa on May 6, 1996( see 1996 in music).

Po Tebe (song)
Po Tebe( in Macedonian Cyrillic: По Тебе) is the second released single from the fifth studio album named" Po Tebe" by the Macedonian singer Toše Proeski. The single was released not just in Macedonia, but subsequently in the other ex-Yugoslav countries under the Serbian title Pratim Te. This song sounds like Enrique Iglesias' song" Bailamos".

Enrique Iglesias
Enrique Miguel Iglesias Preysler (born 8 May 1975) is a Spanish-Filipino singer, songwriter, actor and record producer who is widely regarded as the King of Latin Pop. Iglesias began his career during the mid-1990s on American Spanish-language record label Fonovisa Records under the stage name Enrique Martinez, before switching to his notable surname Iglesias. By the turn of the millennium, after becoming one of the biggest stars in Latin America and the Hispanic market in the United States, he made a successful crossover into the US mainstream market. He signed a multi-album deal with Universal Music Group for US$68 million with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope Records to release English albums. In 2010, he parted with Interscope Records and signed with another Universal Music Group label, Republic Records, to release bilingual albums. In 2015, Iglesias parted ways with Universal Music Group after being there for over a decade. He signed with Sony Music and his subsequent albums were to be released by Sony Music Latin in Spanish and RCA Records in English. He has sold over 100 million records (albums and singles combined) worldwide, making him one of the best-selling Spanish-speaking artists ever. Iglesias has scored over 150 number-one songs across all of the "Billboard" charts. He has had five "Billboard" Hot 100 top five singles, including two number-ones, and holds the record for producing 27 number-one Spanish-language singles on the "Billboard"s Hot Latin Tracks. He also holds the record for most number-one hits and the longest-running number-one hit on that chart. Iglesias also has 14 number-ones on "Billboard"s Dance charts, more than any other male artist. In December 2016, "Billboard" magazine named him the 14th most successful and top male dance club artist of all time.

Si Tú Te Vas (Enrique Iglesias song)
" Si Tú Te Vas"( English:" If You Go") is the title of the debut single released by Spanish singer- songwriter Enrique Iglesias from his eponymous debut studio album" Enrique Iglesias"( 1995), It was released by Fonovisa on August 14, 1995( see 1995 in music).

Trapecista
" Trapecista"( English:" Trapecist") is the sixth and last single released by Spanish singer- songwriter Enrique Iglesias from his eponymous debut studio album" Enrique Iglesias"( 1995), It was released by Fonovisa on September 16, 1996( see 1996 in music).

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Heart Attack (Enrique Iglesias song)
"Heart Attack" is the second English (and third overall) single from Enrique Iglesias' tenth studio album, "Sex and Love". The song was produced by The Cataracs, who also produced the album's first single "Turn the Night Up", and was written by Iglesias, Niles Dhar, Marty James and Rome Ramirez. The song had its radio premiere on 17 September 2013 and officially impacted contemporary hit radio in the U.S. on 1 October 2013. It was made available for purchase as a digital download in North America on 8 October 2013.

Por Amarte
" Por Amarte" ( English:" To Love You") is the title of the third single released by Spanish singer- songwriter Enrique Iglesias from his eponymous debut studio album" Enrique Iglesias"( 1995), It was released by Fonovisa on January 8, 1996( see 1996 in music).

Kevin Doyle (singer)
Kevin Doyle is the singer and Elvis Presley-impersonator in the Irish Elvis-tribute band, "Elvis - The Way it Was". In 2003, he recorded an Elvis-inspired cover version of Enrique Iglesias's song "Escape" for the Irish charity CD, "Even Better than the Real Thing Vol. 1". In 2005, he recorded an Elvis-inspired cover version of U2's song "Vertigo" for the Irish charity CD, "Even Better than the Real Thing Vol. 3".

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.