William Crawley
William Crawley is a Belfast- born BBC journalist and broadcaster. He is the presenter of" Talkback", a daily radio phone- in show on BBC Radio Ulster, and he is a presenter of" Sunday" on BBC Radio 4. He has also made several television series for BBC Northern Ireland.

Wigald Boning
Wigald Boning (born 20 January 1967 in Wildeshausen) is a German actor, singer, writer and television presenter. Boning works as an actor in different TV and film productions. He became famous in Germany as an actor in the television comedy programme "RTL Samstag Nacht". Together with Olli Dittrich, Boning sang in "Die Doofen". Boning has written several books. In 2017 Boning married the German opera singer Teresa Tièschky.

Patricia Charnelet
Patricia Charnelet, born 2 July 1951 in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, is a French journalist and was the presenter of the news show on Antenne 2 from 1986 at 1989.

David Whiteley
David Whiteley( born 4 May 1977 in Essex, UK) is the presenter of the BBC TV documentary programme" Inside Out- East".

Andy Muirhead
Andrew Robert" Andy" Muirhead( born 1975) is an Australian former radio and television presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He was the presenter of ABC Radio's breakfast program in Tasmania and also the presenter of the" Collectors" television program from 2005 to 2010. In 2012, he pleaded guilty to accessing child pornography and served four months of a five- month jail sentence.

Jonathan Holmes (journalist)
Jonathan Holmes is an English- born Australian television journalist and producer who was the presenter of the ABC1 weekly programme" Media Watch" from 2008 until July 2013.

George Alagiah
George Maxwell Alagiah( born 22 November 1955) is a British newsreader, journalist and television news presenter. Since 3 December 2007, he has been the presenter of the" BBC News at Six" and has also been the main presenter of" GMT" on BBC World News since its launch on 1 February 2010. He is also the main relief presenter for the" BBC Ten O'Clock News" and has held this role since its launch in 2000, making him the longest serving presenter of the flagship news programme.

Nicht nachmachen!
Nicht nachmachen! (English: "Don't Imitate!") is a German comedy-documentary TV series that airs on ZDF and ZDFneo. The two hosts, Wigald Boning and Bernhard Hoëcker, defy the warnings and restrictions on various items to see what happens when they do. Some of their experiments include lighting fireworks inside a living room and trying to overfill a water bed to the point of bursting. The series is an adaption of the Norwegian show Ikke gjør dette hjemme.

Lerato Mbele
Lerato Mbele- Roberts is a South African journalist and broadcaster working for the BBC. Mbele is the presenter of “ Talking Business Africa ” and was the presenter of the long running “ Africa Business Report" on BBC World News. She used to be one of the main presenters of" Newsday" on the.

Mark Page
Mark Page( born in Middlesbrough) is an English radio presenter and announcer. Between 1983 and 1986 he was the presenter of the BBC Radio 1 early weekend breakfast show.