Maurice De Groote
Maurice De Groote( born 24 September 1908) was a Belgian gymnast. He competed in seven events at the 1952 Summer Olympics.

Charles de Worms
Baron Charles George Maurice de Worms( 1903 – 1979) was an English chemist and lepidopterist.

Maurice de Prendergast
Maurice de Prendergast was a Norman knight, fl. 1169 – 1174. Maurice was from Prendergast, now in Haverfordwest, Wales, and was hired in 1169 by the ruler of the Irish kingdom of Osraige, Domnall Mac Gilla Pátraic, to resist the Leinster king, Diarmait Mac Murchada, who had also recruited Norman aid. He afterwards participated in the Norman invasion of Ireland. He was one of the first members of the expedition to land in Bannow Bay in May 1169, along with Meiler FitzHenry and Miles FitzDavid. He took part in the Siege of Wexford. F.X. Martin in the" Expugnatio" states that the first edition of the Expugnatio has no reference to the arrival of Maurice de Prendergast but the later edition include the information that Maurice de Prendergast came the following day, was a valiant soldier from Rhos in South Wales, embarked at Milford with ten men-at- arms and a large body of archers in two ships, and that he also landed at Bannow.

Maurice de Mirecki
Maurice de Mirecki( 22 September 1845 – 11 April 1900) was a French pianist, violinist and composer.

Augustus II the Strong
Augustus II the Strong (12 May 16701 February 1733), also known in Saxony as Frederick Augustus I, was Elector of Saxony from 1697, Imperial Vicar and elected King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania in the years 1697–1706 and from 1709 until his death in 1733. He was succeeded by his son, Augustus III of Poland. Augustus' great physical strength earned him the nicknames "the Strongthe Saxon Hercules" and "Iron-Hand". He liked to show that he lived up to his name by breaking horseshoes with his bare hands and engaging in fox tossing by holding the end of his sling with just one finger while two of the strongest men in his court held the other end. He is also notable for fathering a very large number of children. In order to be elected King of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, Augustus converted to Roman Catholicism. As a Catholic, he received the Order of the Golden Fleece from the Holy Roman Emperor. As Elector of Saxony, he is perhaps best remembered as a patron of the arts and architecture. He established the Saxon capital of Dresden as a major cultural centre, attracting artists from across Europe to his court. Augustus also amassed an impressive art collection and built lavish baroque palaces in Dresden and Warsaw. His reigns brought Poland some troubled times. He led the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth in the Great Northern War, which allowed the Russian Empire to strengthen its influence in Europe, especially within Poland. His main pursuit was bolstering royal power in the Commonwealth, characterized by broad decentralization in comparison with other European monarchies. He tried to accomplish this goal using foreign powers and thus destabilized the state. Augustus ruled Poland with an interval; in 1704 the Swedes installed nobleman Stanisław Leszczyński as king, who officially reigned from 1706 to 1709 and after Augustus' death in 1733 which sparked the War of the Polish Succession. He was buried in Poland's royal Wawel Cathedral in Kraków, but his heart rests in the Dresden Cathedral.

Paul (father of Maurice)
Paul( died 593) was the father of Maurice, Byzantine Emperor. He served as head of the Byzantine Senate.

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Maurice de Saxe
Maurice, Count of Saxony (28 October 1696 – 20 November 1750) was a notable soldier and officer as well as the son of Augustus II the Strong, King of Poland and Elector of Saxony. He initially served in the Army of the Holy Roman Empire, then the Imperial Army and finally in French service de Saxe became a Marshal and later also a Marshal General of France. He is best known for his decisive victory at the Battle of Fontenoy and is honoured by the Walhalla Memorial.

Marie-Aurore de Saxe
Marie- Aurore de Saxe( 20 September 1748 – 26 December 1821), known after her first marriage as Countess of Horn and after the second as Madame Dupin de Francueil, was an illegitimate daughter of Marshal Maurice de Saxe and a grandmother of George Sand. A notable free- thinker, she was interested in philosophers like Voltaire, Jean- Jacques Rousseau and Buffon. Her life was marked by the vicissitudes of history and personal dramas.

Steve Cooreman
Steve is the son of Maurice Cooreman.