Beaulieu-sur-Loire
Beaulieu- sur- Loire is a commune in the Loiret department in north -central France. It is also the place of death of Jacques MacDonald, a French general who served in the Napoleonic Wars

Carl Gustaf Creutz
Carl Gustaf Creutz (1660−1728) was a Swedish general. Carl Gustaf Creutz was the youngest son of Lorentz Creutz Sr. and Elsa Jacob Daughter Duwall. He served as a page of Charles XI and experienced the Scanian War. By 1691 he was a captain in the Household Cavalry Regiment under Charles XII. The Great Northern War began in 1700 and Creutz landing in Zealand. He distinguished himself at the battles of Petschora and Kletsh (in present-day Poland). Promotions to major and lieutenant colonel then came quickly. Creutz became a colonel in 1704. The Battle of Poltava in 1709 brought Creutz command of the entire cavalry. However, he had to surrender soon after Perevolotnya. After Count Piper's death, he was the senior Swedish prisoner in Russia, of which his extant correspondence bears visible witness. In 1722, he was able to return to Sweden and service in the cavalry.

Carl Gustaf Mannerheim
Carl Gustaf Mannerheim may refer to:

Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt
Carl- Gustaf Lindstedt( 24 February 1921 – 16 January 1992) was a Swedish actor.

Place of birth
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

Bernhard Haurwitz
Bernhard Haurwitz( August 14, 1905 – February 27, 1986) was a German- born American meteorologist and physicist. Haurwitz was Chair of Department of Meteorology at New York University( NYU), a member of the National Academy of Sciences( NAS), a recipient of Carl- Gustaf Rossby Research Medal Awarded the William Bowie Medal in 1970.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Lorentz Creutz
Lorentz Creutz (16151 June 1676) was a Swedish "friherre" (roughly equivalent to a baron), government administrator, county governor ("landshövding") of Kopparberg County (1655–62), member of the Privy Council and supreme commander of the Swedish navy for a few months in 1676. He successfully served as an administrator in the Treasury in later years and was appointed as navy commander in early 1676 during the Scanian War. However, his complete lack of naval military experience combined with the generally poor state of the Swedish fleet led to his death on "Kronan", the flagship of the navy, at the battle of Öland on 1 June 1676. Creutz married the "friherrinna" (roughly baroness) Elsa Duwall (1620–1675), daughter of general Jakob MacDougall (ennobled as "Duvall") and Anna von der Berge.

Battle of Kletsk (1706)
The Battle of Kletsk took place on 30 April 1706( Gregorian calendar), in- and outside the city of Kletsk, Belarus during Charles XII's Polish campaign of 1701 – 1706, in the Great Northern War. The Swedish forces were led by Carl Gustaf Creutz who defeated a larger Russian – Cossack force under the command of Semjon Nepljujev and Danylo Apostol. Many of the Russian and Cossack regiments participating in the battle were wiped out and ceased to exist as fighting units.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to: