Kenneth S. Norris
Kenneth Stafford Norris or Kenneth S. Norris( August 11, 1924 – August 16, 1998) was a renowned marine mammal biologist, conservationist, and naturalist. Norris did pioneering work on dolphin echolocation. His conservation work included helping establish the University of California Natural Reserve System and work towards passage of the Marine Mammal Protection Act. Norris was a professor at UCLA and UC Santa Cruz.

James Flack Norris
James Flack Norris( January 20, 1871 – August 4, 1940) was an American chemist. Born in Baltimore, Maryland to a Methodist minister, Norris was educated in Baltimore and Washington, D.C. before studying at Johns Hopkins University, where he graduated with an A.B. in Chemistry. After graduating in 1892, he remained at the university to work as a Fellow until 1895, when he was awarded his Ph.D. and became an academic at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology( MIT). He left MIT in 1904 to become the first Professor of Chemistry at the newly formed Simmons College, before returning to take up the position of Professor of Organic Chemistry and, after its creation in 1926, the first Director of MIT's Research Laboratory of Organic Chemistry. Outside of his work as an academic, Norris served as President of the American Chemical Society from 1925 to 1926 and as Vice- President of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry( IUPAC) from 1925 to 1928. He died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on August 4, 1940. The James Flack Norris Award is named in his honour.

Kurt Mislow
Kurt Martin Mislow( June 5, 1923 – October 5, 2017) was a German- born American organic chemist who specialized in stereochemistry. Born in Berlin on June 5, 1923, Mislow had moved to London by 1938, after some time in Milan. With the help of his uncle Alfred Eisenstaedt, Mislow's family left London for New York City in 1940. Mislow earned a bachelor's degree in chemistry from Tulane University in 1944, and received a doctorate from the California Institute of Technology, where he was supervised by Linus Pauling. Mislow first taught at New York University, then moved to Princeton University in 1964. While at Princeton, Mislow served as Hugh Stott Taylor Professor of Chemistry and led the chemistry department from 1968 to 1974. He became a professor emeritus in 1988. Over the course of his career, Mislow was named a Guggenheim fellow twice, in 1956 and 1974. Between 1959 and 1963, Mislow was granted the Sloan Research Fellowship. He became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1972, followed by fellowships in the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, granted in 1974, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science, bestowed in 1980. In 1999, Mislow was named a foreign member of the Accademia dei Lincei. The American Chemical Society honored Mislow with several awards, among them the James Flack Norris Award in Physical Organic Chemistry( 1975), the William H. Nichols Medal Award( 1987), and the Arthur C. Cope Scholar Award( 1995).

Curly Seckler
John Ray Sechler, known as Curly Seckler,( December 25, 1919 – December 27, 2017) was an American bluegrass musician. He played with Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs in their band the Foggy Mountain Boys from 1949 to 1962, among other major bluegrass acts during his lengthy career in music.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

James H. Flack
James H. Flack is a contemporary Irish watercolour painter. He was born in County Armagh, Northern Ireland in 1941 and settled in Athy, County Kildare in the early 1970s. He is a member of the Water Colour Society of Ireland, the Ulster Watercolour Society, the Dublin Art Club and the Dublin Sketching Club. He holds the degrees of BA, BD, M. Th., and H. Dip. Ed. from Trinity College Dublin and Edinburgh University.

John Norris (soldier)
Sir John Norris or" Norreysca." 1547 – 3 September 1597), of Rycote, Oxfordshire, and of Yattendon and Notley in Berkshire, was an English soldier, the son of Henry Norris, 1st Baron Norreys, a lifelong friend of Queen Elizabeth. The most acclaimed English soldier of his day, Norreys participated in every Elizabethan theatre of war: in the Wars of Religion in France, in Flanders during the Eighty Years' War of Dutch liberation from Spain, in the Anglo- Spanish War, and above all in the Tudor conquest of Ireland.

Andrew Streitwieser
Andrew Streitwieser is an American chemist known for his contributions to physical organic chemistry. Streitwieser was born in 1927 in Buffalo, New York and he grew up in New York City. He attended Columbia College and then Columbia University where he earned a PhD in the research group of William von Eggers Doering in 1952. He then was a postdoctoral fellow in the laboratory of John D. Roberts at MIT. He has been Professor of Chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley since 1953. Streitwieser was one of the pioneers of molecular orbital theory and his book" Molecular Orbital Theory for Organic Chemists" had a lasting impact on the field. He is also well- known for proposing the currently accepted interpretation of the origin of secondary deuterium kinetic isotope effects. Streitwieser developed the technique of using protium/ deuterium exchange to measure the acidity of exceedingly weak carbon acids and was a codeveloper of the MSAD acidity scale, named for the first initials of the chemists who developed it. His" Chemical Reviews" article titled" Solvolytic Displacement Reactions at Saturated Carbon" was influential in the field of physical organic chemistry. Streitwieser is also the author of the widely used university textbook" Introduction to Organic Chemistry"( 4th revised ed., 1998, with Heathcock and Kosower,, German translation," Organische Chemie"), as well as the autobiography" A Lifetime of Synergy With Theory and Experiment" Streitwieser was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1969 and is an American Chemical Society Fellow. He is the recipient of the ACS Award in Petroleum Chemistry( 1967), James Flack Norris Award in Physical Organic Chemistry( 1982), the Guggenheim Fellowship( 1968), the Arthur C. Cope Scholar Award( 1989), and the Roger Adams Award( 2009).

David Long (mandolin player)
David Long is a mandolin player from Nashville, Tennessee. He was born in the winter of 1975. Long has been described as a next generation musician with traditional sounds of bluegrass. Long's music career started in 1996. He plays Rural Country Blues, Old Time Bluegrass, and Early Black String Band. David ’s style of playing was influenced by Curly Seckler. David has played with the Wildwood Valley Boys for about two years, and with Karl Shiflett and his Big Show. He famously used explicit language on the stage of the world famous Station Inn.

Henry Norris, 1st Baron Norreys
Henry Norris( or Norreys), 1st Baron Norreys( 152527 June 1601) of Rycote in Oxfordshire, belonged to an old Berkshire family, many members of which had held positions at the English court.