Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Peter O'Connell: Peter O'Connell is a feature film compositor. His works include Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium, Across the Universe, Stranger than Fiction, Just Like Heaven and Transporter 2.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Just like Heaven (film): Just Like Heaven is a 2005 American romantic comedy fantasy film directed by Mark Waters, starring Reese Witherspoon, Mark Ruffalo, and Jon Heder. It is based on the French novel " If Only It Were TrueEt si c'était vrai...") written by Marc Levy. Steven Spielberg obtained the rights to produce the film from the book. The film was released in the United States and Canada on September 16, 2005.

Mark Waters: Mark Stephen Waters (born June 30, 1964) is an American screenwriter, director, and film producer. He is best known for directing comedy films such as "Freaky Friday" (2003) , "Mean Girls" (2004), "Ghosts of Girlfriends Past" (2009), "Mr. Popper's Penguins" (2011), and "Vampire Academy" (2014).

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Terence Robinson: Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.