Hüma Hatun
Hüma Hatun (1410 ‒ September 1449) was the fourth wife of Ottoman Sultan Murad II and mother of Mehmed II and the grandmother of Bayezid II.

Devlet Hatun
Devlet Hatun( full name Tâcü'l- havatin Devlet Hâtun bint- i Abdullah; died 23 January 1414) was the twelfth wife of Ottoman Sultan Bayezid I and the mother of Mehmed I.

Melek Ahmed Pasha
Melek Ahmed Pasha(" Ahmed Pasha the Angel"; 1604 – 1662) was an Ottoman statesman and grand vizier during the reign of Mehmed IV.

Tevfik Fikret
Tevfik Fikret was the pseudonym of Mehmed Tevfik( December 24, 1867 – August 19, 1915), an Ottoman Greek educator and poet, who is considered the founder of the modern school of Turkish poetry.

William Rockhill Nelson
William Rockhill Nelson( March 7, 1841 – April 13, 1915) was a real estate developer and co-founder of The Kansas City Star in Kansas City, Missouri. He donated his estate( and home) for the establishment of the Nelson- Atkins Museum of Art. Place of burial: Mount Washington Cemetery, Independence Missouri.

Sennedjem
The Ancient Egyptian artisan Sennedjem lived in Set Maat( translated as" The Place of Truth"), contemporary Deir el- Medina, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Thebes, during the reigns of Seti I and Ramesses II. Sennedjem had the title" Servant in the Place of Truth". He was buried along with his wife, Iyneferti, and family in a tomb in the village necropolis. His tomb was discovered January 31, 1886. When Sennedjem's tomb was found, in it there was regular furniture from his home, including a stool and a bed, which he actually used when he was alive. His titles included Servant in the Place of Truth, meaning that he worked on the excavation and decoration of the nearby royal tombs.

Lala Mehmed Pasha
Lala Mehmed Pasha( died 28 November 1595) was an Ottoman military commander and grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire under the reign of Mehmed III. Born in Gölmarmara in western Anatolia, he became a lala(" tutor") to the sultan Murad III and then to his son Mehmed III, hence his nickname. After having married the daughter of Mehmed III's" daye"( wet nurse) Halime Hatun, Mehmed Pasha rose to serve as grand vizier in 1595, the first year of Mehmed III's reign, although only for a matter of few days before he suddenly died. His lineage continued for centuries, coming all the way to Huseyin Avni Pasha.

Mehmed V
Mehmed V Reşâd (Ottoman Turkish: محمد خامس "Meḥmed- i ẖâmis", or) (2 November 1844 – 3 July 1918) reigned as the 35th and penultimate Ottoman Sultan . He was the son of Sultan Abdulmejid I. He was succeeded by his half-brother Mehmed VI. His nine-year reign was marked by the cession of the Empire's North African territories and the Dodecanese Islands, including Rhodes, in the Italo-Turkish War, the traumatic loss of almost all of the Empire's European territories west of Constantinople (now Istanbul) in the First Balkan War, and the entry of the Empire into World War I
in 1914, which would ultimately lead to the end of the Ottoman Empire.

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Şehzade Mehmed Ziyaeddin
Şehzade Mehmed Ziyaeddin (26 August 1873 – 30 January 1938) was an Ottoman prince, son of Sultan Mehmed V and Empress Kamures Kadın.