Arthur Beauchamp
Arthur Beauchamp( 1827 – 28 April 1910) was a Member of Parliament from New Zealand. He is remembered as the father of Harold Beauchamp, who rose to fame as chairman of the Bank of New Zealand and was the father of writer Katherine Mansfield.

Riccardo Sogliano
Riccardo Sogliano (born 4 March 1942 in Alessandria) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

Cleomenes II
Cleomenes II( died 309 BC) was Agiad King of Sparta from 369 to 309 BC. The son of Cleombrotus I, he succeeded his brother Agesipolis II. He was the father of Acrotatus I, the father of Areus I, and of Cleonymus, the father of Leonidas II.

Eystein Glumra
Eystein Glumra(" Eystein the Noisy" or" Eystein the Clatterer"; Modern Norwegian" Øystein Glumra") also known as Eystein Ivarsson, was reputedly a petty king on the west coast of Norway, during the 9th Century. The" Heimskringla" saga states that Eystein Glumra was the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson and Sigurd Eysteinsson:" The first earl in the Orkney Islands was called Sigurd, who was a son of Eystein Glumra, and brother of Ragnvald earl of More. After Sigurd, his son Guthorm was earl for one year. After him Torf- Einar, a son of Ragnvald, took the earldom, and was long earl, and was a man of great power". According to the" Orkneyinga Saga", Eystein Glumra was the son of Ivar the jarl of Uplanders and grandson of Halfdan the Old. " Orkneyinga Saga" also named Eystein Glumra as the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson:" Heiti, Gorr ’s son, was father of Sveiði the sea-king,[ who was] the father of Halfdan the old,[ who was] the father of Ivar the Uplanders ’ earl,[ who was] the father of Eystein the noisy,[ who was] the father of earl Rognvald the mighty and wise in council". Linnea Hartsuyker's books The Half- drowned King and The Sea Queen cover the lives of Eystein's children.

Takayama Tomoteru
He was the father of Takayama Ukon, and was a Kirishitan.

John Templeton (botanist)
John Templeton( 1766–1825) was an early Irish naturalist and botanist. He is often referred to as the" Father of Irish Botany". He was the father of naturalist, artist and entomologist Robert Templeton.

Anacyndaraxes
Anacyndaraxes was the father of Sardanapalus, king of Assyria.

Obata Toramori
He was the father of Obata Masamori.

Sean Sogliano
Sean Luca Sogliano (born 28 February 1971) is a retired Italian football player, currently in charge as director of football of Serie B club F.C. Bari. He is the son of former footballer Riccardo Sogliano.

Inoue Masaru (bureaucrat)
Viscount was the first Director of Railways in Japan and is known as the" father of the Japanese railways".