The Heavenly King
The Heavenly King or" variation". may refer to:

Eththan
Eththan, also known as Ethan is a 2011 Indian Tamil comedy drama film written and directed by L Suresh. The film stars Vimal and Sanusha in the lead roles, whilst Jayaprakash and Sarvajit appear in supporting roles. The music was composed by Taj Noor. A remake of the 2010 Telugu film" Kalavar King", directed by Suresh himself, the film was released on 27 May 2011, with moderate review.

King or Queen
King or Queen may refer to:

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

Thomas King
Thomas King or Tom King may refer to:

Ogro
Operación Ogro is a 1979 Spanish and Italian drama film written and directed by Gillo Pontecorvo. The film is based on true events in Spain during the early 1970s and is based on the eponymous book by Julen Agirre( pseudonym of Eva Forest). The film won the David di Donatello( an annual Italian motion picture award) for Best Film. All the actors, a mix of Spaniards and Italians, spoke Spanish in the dubbed version released in Spain, and in Italian in the dubbed Italian version.

Elizabeth King
Elizabeth King( or variants) may refer to:

Kalavar King
Kalavar King is a 2010 Telugu film directed by Suresh starring Nikhil Siddharth and Shweta Prasad. The film was released on 26 February 2010. The film was remade in Tamil as Eththan by the same director. It was also remade in Kannada as Melkote Manja directed by Jaggesh in 2017.

The Fabulous Senorita
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.