John L. Withers II
John L. Withers II( born 1948) is an American politician and diplomat.

Jesse E. Hobson
Jesse Edward Hobson( May 2, 1911 – November 5, 1970) was the director of SRI International from 1947 to 1955. Prior to SRI, he was the director of the Armour Research Foundation.

Jim Wynorski
Jim Wynorski (born August 14, 1950 in Glen Cove, Long Island, New York) is an American screenwriter, director, and producer. Wynorski has been making B-movies and exploitation movies since the early 1980s, and has directed over 150 feature films. His earliest films were released to movie theaters, but his later works have predominantly been released to cable or the straight-to-video market. He often works under pseudonyms such as "Jay Andrews,Arch Stanton,H.R. Blueberry,Tom Popatopolis," and "Noble Henry." His movies often spoof horror films: "Cleavagefield", for example, parodies "CloverfieldThe Bare Wench Project" parodies "The Blair Witch Project", and "Para-Knockers Activity" parodies "Paranormal Activity". A character in the film "The Final Destination" is named after him. In 2009, the documentary "Popatopolis", directed by Clay Westervelt and named for one of Wynorski's pseudonyms, chronicled Wynorski during the making of his soft-core horror film, "The Witches of Breastwick". The film serves as a partial biography, with clips from many of his previous films and includes interviews with Wynorski, his contemporaries, cast, and crew. In 2016, he directed "Nessie & Me", marking the first time that he directed a children's film. The character Jack O’Grady directly references Wynorski's earlier films "Dinocroc vs. Supergator" and "Piranhaconda" when he encounters Nessie at the start of the film, hinting that "Nessie & Me" is canon to those film series, as well as "Monster Cruise", with many characters from it appearing in "Nessie & Me" as well.

Deathstalker II
Deathstalker II, also known as Deathstalker II: Duel of the Titans, is a 1987 Argentine-American fantasy adventure film and sequel to 1983's "Deathstalker". The film was directed by Jim Wynorski, written by Neil Ruttenberg, and starring John Terlesky and Monique Gabrielle. Terlesky replaced Rick Hill, the protagonist from the previous film, in the starring role of Deathstalker. This is the last sword and sorcery movie that Roger Corman produced in Argentina during the 80s. Owing to its low-cost production and the perceived self-awareness of the movie, Wynorski called the film an "anachronistic comedy of sorts".

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

S. N. Mathur
S.N. Mathur was the Director of the Indian Intelligence Bureau between September 1975 and February 1980. He was also the Director General of Police in Punjab.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.

John Terlesky
John Todd Terlesky( born May 30, 1961) is an American actor, film director, television director and screenwriter. As an actor, he is best known for his titular role in the 1987 film" Deathstalker II".