J. P. McGowan: John Paterson McGowan (February 24, 1880 – March 26, 1952) was a pioneering Hollywood actor and director and occasionally a screenwriter and producer. J. P. McGowan, as he was usually known, remains the only Australian to have been made a life member of the Screen Directors Guild (now Directors Guild of America).

Cheesa: Cheesa Laureta( born August 4, 1990), known by the mononym Cheesa, is a Filipina- American Pop/ R&B singer and songwriter most noted for her run on NBC's" The Voice" in 2012. After being chosen by Cee Lo Green, mentored by Babyface, and making it to the Quarter- Finals, Cheesa was eliminated from" The Voice" in April 2012. Since " The Voice," Cheesa has focused on developing her solo career, releasing the Asian iTunes chart- topping single," I'm Not Perfect( feat. Charice)" and her debut album, NAKED.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

The Voice in the Fog: The Voice in the Fog is a lost 1916 silent film produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. J. P. McGowan directed the film which is based on a novel by Harold McGrath. Stage actor Donald Brian makes his screen debut in the film.

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

A Face in the Fog: A Face in the Fog is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.

Fernando Costilla: Fernando Costilla( born 1972) is a Spanish television personality and voice actor, known for the voice in Cuatro's program's" Takeshi's Castle WWE Raw" and" WWE SmackDown", and also the voice in Marca TV's program's" WWE Raw" and" WWE SmackDown" with Héctor del Mar.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.