Cocaine Blues
" Cocaine Blues" is a Western Swing song written by T. J." Red" Arnall, a reworking of the traditional song" Little Sadie".

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Little More (Royalty)
"Little More (Royalty)" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown from his seventh studio album Royalty. It was produced by The Audibles and Poo Bear. The song peaking at number 91 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and number 32 on the US Hot R&B/ Hip-Hop Songs chart.

Dáithí Sproule
Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music. His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Chris Brown
Christopher Maurice Brown (born May 5, 1989) is an American singer, songwriter and dancer. Born in Tappahannock, Virginia, he was involved in his church choir and several local talent shows from a young age. Having signed with Jive Records in 2004, Brown released his self-titled debut studio album the following year, which became certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). With his first single "Run It!" peaking atop the "Billboard" Hot 100, Brown became the first male artist since 1997 to have his debut single top the chart. His second album "Exclusive" (2007) spawned his second "Billboard" Hot 100 number one "Kiss Kiss". In addition to his solo commercial success, Brown has been featured on several successful singles such as "No Air", a duet with singer Jordin Sparks, "Shortie Like Mine" with the rapper Bow Wow and "Shawty Get Loose" alongside Lil Mama and T-Pain. In 2009, Brown received significant media attention after pleading guilty to felony assault of his then girlfriend, singer Rihanna. Following the release of his third album "Graffiti" in the same year of the incident, Brown's fourth album "F.A.M.E." (2011) became his first to top the "Billboard" 200 and earned him the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. His fifth album "Fortune", released in 2012, also topped the "Billboard" 200. Following the releases of "XRoyalty" and "Heartbreak on a Full Moon", Brown's ninth studio album "Indigo" (2019) became his third "Billboard" 200 number-one album. It included his biggest hit in years "No Guidance" which peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Brown has sold over 100 million records worldwide, making him one of the world's best-selling music artists. Throughout his career, Brown has won several awards, including a Grammy Award, 15 BET Awards, four "Billboard" Music Awards, and six Soul Train Music Awards. According to "Billboard", Brown has the seventh most "Billboard" Hot 100 entries with 93. Brown has pursued an acting career, and his personal life has been publicized. In 2007, he made his on-screen feature film debut in "Stomp the Yard", and appeared as a guest on the television series "The O.C. " Other films Brown has appeared in include "This Christmas" (2007), "Takers" (2010), "Think Like a Man" (2012), and "Battle of the Year" (2013).

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.