Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal
Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, 1st Count of Oeiras( 13 May 1699 – 8 May 1782), popularly known as the Marquis of Pombal(" Marquês de Pombal"), was an 18th- century Portuguese statesman. He was Secretary of the State of Internal Affairs of the Kingdom( the equivalent of a Prime Minister today) in the government of Joseph I of Portugal from 1750 to 1777. Apart from being the most prominent minister in the government, he has also been considered to have been its" de facto" head. Pombal was notable for his swift and competent leadership in the aftermath of the 1755 Lisbon earthquake. He implemented sweeping economic policies in Portugal to regulate commercial activity and standardise quality throughout the country, and was instrumental in weakening the grip of the Inquisition. The term" Pombaline" is used to describe not only his tenure, but also the architectural style adopted in Lisbon after the great earthquake. Pombal, who was considered an" estrangeirado"( that is, someone who admired, was influenced by or promoted foreign ideas in Portugal), introduced many fundamental administrative, educational, economic, and ecclesiastical reforms justified in the name of" reason" and instrumental in advancing secularisation in Portugal. However, historians argue that Pombal's implementation of the ideas of the" Enlightenment", while far- reaching, was primarily a mechanism for enhancing autocracy at the expense of individual liberty. This included the crushing of opposition, the suppression of criticism, print censorship, the furthering of colonial economic exploitation for Portugal's own benefit, and, at a personal level, the consolidation of his own direct and widespread control for his own profit. He was the leading opponent of the Jesuits across Europe.

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

Ahmed Pochee
Ahmed Pochee( 23 September 1939 – 18 December 1998) was a British- Indian wine merchant and entrepreneur, notably the founder of Oddbins and the Great Wapping Wine Company.

Gabriel Company (cyclist)
Gabriel Company( born 16 May 1930) is a Spanish former racing cyclist. In 1958 he won the Vuelta a Andalucía.

Joan Bou
Joan Bou Company( born 16 January 1997) is a Spanish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Nathan Waks
Nathan Waks( born 1951) is an Australian cellist, composer, record producer, arts administrator and wine company owner.

Douro Wine Company
The Douro Wine Company( also known as the General Company of Agriculture of the Wines of the Upper Douro and in Portuguese Companhia Geral da Agricultura e Vinhos do Alto Douro) was a government oversight organization established by the Portuguese Prime Minister Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, Marquis of Pombal to regulate the trade and production of Port wine. Established in 1756, one of the first official duties of the company was the delineation of the boundaries of the Douro wine region. This act essentially made the Douro the world's first regional appellation. While the boundaries of the Chianti and Tokaji wine regions were outlined in 1716 and 1737, respectively, neither of these regions were" technically" appellations in the sense of being subjected to continued government control and regulations. Under their charter, Pombal invested an immense amount of control in the Douro Wine Company to regulate all exports of Port, set production quantities limits, fix maximum and minimum prices for grapes and to serve as sole arbitrator in any disputes between vine growers and Port shippers. In 1761, the company was further granted a monopoly on the sale of brandy which was used in the fortification process of Port winemaking. The Douro Wine Company continued to operate to 1833( and was briefly revived from 1843 and 1853). Today, many of it functions have been deregulated with the Instituto dos Vinhos do Douro e do Porto or( Port and Douro Wines Institute) being the official regulating body of Port wine and Douro table wine production.

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.