Karan Wahi
Karan Wahi( born 9 June 1986) is an Indian actor, model and television host. Wahi also played for the Delhi Under- 17 cricket team. After moving to Mumbai, he started his television career with the 2004 television show" Remix" on Star One. He later starred in the popular youth show" Dill Mill Gayye" which he further rose to fame in. In addition to his acting career, Wahi has participated in stage shows and has hosted several awards and TV shows. He showcased his comedy talent in Colors TV's comedy show" Comedy Nights Bachao". In 2017, he participated in the reality show, anchored" Entertainment Ki Raat" and" India's Next Superstars" with Rithvik Dhanjani in 2018. He made his Bollywood movie debut with a supporting role in Habib Faisal's romantic comedy film" Daawat- e- Ishq"( 2014). He later made his second Bollywood appearance as one of the leads in" Hate Story 4"( 2018).

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.

Daawat-e-Ishq
Daawat-e-Ishq  is a 2014 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by Habib Faisal, and produced by Aditya Chopra under the banner of Yash Raj Films. It stars Parineeti Chopra and Aditya Roy Kapur. The soundtrack was composed by Sajid-Wajid. The film was released on 19 September 2014, to mostly positive reviews. " The Hindu" said "Daawat-e-Ishq" was a "potent recipe", and "Times of India" gave it four stars out of five. The film collected at the box office in its first week run.

Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to?
Now Where Did the 7th Company Get To? is a 1973 French- Italian comedy war film directed by Robert Lamoureux. The film portrays the adventures of a French Army squad lost somewhere on the front in May 1940 during the Battle of France.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Habib Faisal
Habib Faisal is an Indian Hindi screenwriter and director. He is best known for his directorial debut, "Do Dooni Chaar", for which he won Filmfare Award for Best Dialogue. He co-wrote Siddharth Anand's "Salaam Namaste". He also wrote director Shaad Ali's "Jhoom Barabar Jhoom" starring Abhishek Bachchan and Preity Zinta, and Siddharth Anand's "Ta Ra Rum Pum" starring Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukherjee. All three are Yashraj films. He also wrote "Band Baaja Baaraat" which was released in late 2010. Faisal then went on to direct his second film, "Ishaqzaade", starring debutant Arjun Kapoor, and Parineeti Chopra in their first lead film, which released on 11 May 2012. The film received positive response from critics, and managed to do very well at the box office, turning out to be a worldwide hit. He then wrote "Bewakoofiyaan", which was directed by Nupur Asthana and featured Ayushmann Khurrana, Sonam Kapoor, and Rishi Kapoor. His next directorial venture was "Daawat-e-Ishq", which had actors Aditya Roy Kapur and Parineeti Chopra in lead roles. "Daawat-e-Ishq" released worldwide on 19 September 2014. Faisal's fourth film, "Qaidi Band" was released on 25 August 2017. An alumnus of Jamia Millia Islamia, he has directed the television serials "kareena kareena" and worked in New Delhi as a camera person with NDTV.