Hitman's Run
Hitman's Run is a 1999 film directed by Mark L. Lester.

Absence of the Good
Absence of the Good is a 1999 film starring Stephen Baldwin and directed by John Flynn.

Trevor Nunn
Sir Trevor Robert Nunn( born 14 January 1940) is an English theatre director. Nunn has been the Artistic Director for the Royal Shakespeare Company, the Royal National Theatre, and, currently, the Theatre Royal, Haymarket. He has directed dramas for the stage, like" Macbeth", as well as opera and musicals, such as" Cats"( 1981) and" Les Misérables"( 1985). Nunn has been nominated for the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical, the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play, the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Director, and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Director of a Musical, winning Tonys for" CatsLes Misérables", and" Nicholas Nickleby" and the Olivier Awards for productions of" Summerfolk The Merchant of VeniceTroilus and Cressida", and" Nicholas Nickleby". In 2008" The Telegraph" named him among the most influential people in British culture. He has also directed works for film and television.

Satan Town
Satan Town is a 1926 American Western film featuring Harry Carey. Prints of the film have survived.

Oklahoma! (1999 film)
Oklahoma! is a 1999 musical film directed by Trevor Nunn, choreographed by Susan Stroman, and starring Hugh Jackman as Curly McLain, Josefina Gabrielle as Laurey Williams, and Maureen Lipman as Aunt Eller. The production featured the entire 1998 London revival cast at the Royal National Theatre( reviewed July 20, 1998 by Matt Wolf in Variety here).

David Butler (director)
David Butler (December 17, 1894 – June 14, 1979) was an American actor, film director, film producer, screenwriter, and television director.

It's a Great Life (1943 film)
It's a Great Life is a 1943 black- and- white film and is the 13th of the 28 Blondie films. It is one of only two movies in the series that did not feature" Blondie" in the title( the other," Footlight Glamour", was released later the same year).

It's a Great Feeling
It's a Great Feeling is a 1949 American Technicolor musical comedy film starring Doris Day, Jack Carson, and Dennis Morgan in a parody of what goes on behind the scenes in Hollywood movie making. The screenplay by Jack Rose and Mel Shavelson was based upon a story by I. A. L. Diamond. The film was directed by David Butler, produced by Alex Gottlieb and distributed by Warner Bros. " It's a Great Feeling" was Day's third film( and her third pairing with Carson) and the first to bring her widespread notice. " It's a Great Feeling" is a" Who's Who?" of Hollywood in its heyday and glorified the studio system at the peak of its golden age.

Matt Corboy
Matt Corboy( born June 4, 1973) is an American actor. He has appeared in both films and television series.

Corrupt (1999 film)
Corrupt is a 1999 film starring Ice-T and Silkk The Shocker.