De Contrabando
"De ContrabandoSmuggled") is a song written by Joan Sebastian. It was first performed by Mexican singer Imelda, and included on her album "Aparentemente", released in 1991. Six years later, was performed by fellow Mexican singer Zayda Y Los Culpables and released by Musart Records as the second single from her self-titled album in 1997. Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera recorded a cover version for her studio album "Parrandera, Rebelde y AtrevidaDe Contrabando" was released as the second single from the album in 2006. In the United States, the song peaked at number fourteen on the "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart and number one on the "Billboard" Regional Mexican Songs chart. The song was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Song of the Year at the 2007 Lo Nuestro Awards. Rivera was also recognized for Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year. Rivera was also awarded Regional Mexican Airplay Song of the Year for at the 2007 Latin "Billboard" Music Awards.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Jenni Rivera
Dolores Janney "Jenni" Rivera Saavedra (July 2, 1969 – December 9, 2012) was an American singer, songwriter, actress, television producer, spokesperson, philanthropist and entrepreneur known for her work within the Regional Mexican music genre, specifically in the styles of Banda, Mariachi and Norteño. In life and death, several media outlets including CNN, "Billboard", Fox News, and "The New York Times" have labeled her as the most important female figure and top selling female artist in Regional Mexican music. "Billboard" magazine named her the "top Latin artist of 2013", and the "best selling Latin artist of 2013". Rivera began recording music in 1992. Her recordings often had themes of social issues, infidelity, and relationships. Rivera released her first studio album, "Si Quieres Verme Llorar", in the late 1990s, failing to attain commercial success; however, she rose to prominence in the United States and Mexico with her major-label debut, "Parrandera, Rebelde y Atrevida". In the early 2000s, she was often criticized and was refused bookings at venues across California for performing Banda music—a male-dominated music genre. However, her popularity grew after she won the Lo Nuestro Award for Regional Mexican Female Artist of the Year in 2007, which she won nine consecutive times. Her tenth studio album, "Jenni" (2008) became her first No.1 record on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums chart in the United States. In 2010, she appeared in and produced the reality TV show "Jenni Rivera Presents: Chiquis & Raq-C". She also appeared in and produced "I Love Jenni" starting in 2011 through 2013 and "Chiquis 'n Control" in 2012. Her acting debut was in the film "Filly Brown", which was released in 2013. Over the course of her career, Rivera was awarded two Oye! Awards (Mexico's equivalent to the United States' Grammy Awards), two "Billboard" Music Awards, twenty-two "Billboard" Latin Music Awards, eleven "Billboard" Mexican Music Awards and eighteen Lo Nuestro Awards. She received four Latin Grammy nominations. She has a star on the Las Vegas Walk of Stars, and she is one of the best-selling regional Mexican artists of all time, having sold more than 20 million records worldwide, also making her the highest-earning banda singer of all time. Aside from music, she was active in her community and donated her time to civic causes. The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence appointed her its spokesperson in the United States. A proclamation was given officially naming August 6 “Jenni Rivera Day” by the Los Angeles City Council for all her charity work and community involvement. Rivera, along with six others, died in a plane crash near Monterrey, on December 9, 2012. An investigation was unable to determine the causes of the accident. Lawsuits involving the owners of the plane, Rivera's estate, and family members of those on board with Rivera were filed.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Panda (Astro song)
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to: