Kaya Alp
Kaya Alp was, according to Ottoman tradition, the son of Kızıl Buğa and the father of Suleyman Shah, who was, in turn, the grandfather of Ertuğrul, and the great grandfather of the Ottoman Empire founder, Osman I.

John Westley
Rev. John Westley( 1636 – 78) was an English nonconformist minister. He was the grandfather of John Wesley( founder of Methodism).

Harith ibn Harb
Harith ibn Harb  was the son of the 7th century Arabian Meccan leader Harb ibn Umayya. Hence he was the brother of Abu Sufyan ibn Harb, who was chief of Mecca in the period 624-630 and a major opponent of Muhammad. He had trade relations with Sa'd ibn Ubadah, the chief of the Banu Khazraj. Harith helped Sa'd when the later was captured by the Meccans after the Second Pledge of al-Aqabah. He married Saffiyah bint ‘Abd al-Muttalib, one of Muhammad's paternal aunts, and they had a son, Safi.

Abd al-Muttalib
Abd al- Muttalib Shaybah ibn Hashim( c. 497 – 578) was the grandfather of Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Lyon Cohen
Lyon Cohen( 1868–1937) was a Polish- born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist. He was the grandfather of singer/ poet Leonard Cohen.

Harb ibn Umayya
Harb ibn Umayya was the father of Abu Sufyan and Arwa and the son of Umayya ibn Abd Shams. He and Alqama ibn Safwan are said to have been killed by jinns.

Arwa bint al-Harith
Arwa bint al- Harith was the cousin of Muhammad and Ali. She was the daughter of Harith ibn ‘ Abd al- Muttalib and Ghaziyya bint Qays. Arwa was a sahabiya who was known for her eloquence and rhetoric. She was married to Abu Wida'a ibn Sabarah and had four children: al- Muttalib, Abu Sufyan, Umm Hakim, ar- Rabi'.

Prithvipati Shah
Prithvipati Shah( ?–1716) was the king of the Gorkha Kingdom in the Indian subcontinent, present- day Nepal. He was the grandfather of Nara Bhupal Shah.

Guillaume Wittouck
Guillaume Wittouck( 1749- 1829) was a Belgian lawyer and High Magistrate. He was the Grandfather of industrialist Paul Wittouck.

Fujiwara no Nagara
, also known as Fujiwara no Nagayoshi, was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician of the early Heian period. He was the grandfather of Emperor Yōzei.