Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Terence Robinson: Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.

Maurice Campbell: Maurice Campbell (November 28, 1919 – July 4, 2014) was a Canadian curler from Trois-Rivières, Quebec. Campbell was born November 28, 1919 in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec. Educated at the University of Montreal, he joined the Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps in 1943 and completed his medical degree in 1945 and was subsequently posted in Halifax, Nova Scotia. He was a specialist in rheumatology and internal medicine and practiced in Cap-de-la-Madeleine, Quebec. Campbell played in the 1958 Macdonald Brier, playing lead for the Quebec team, skipped by Bob Lahaie. The team finished 9th, with a 3-7 record. He was President of the Quebec Curling Association for the 1963-64 season. He served as president of the Canadian Curling Association for the 1970-71 season and was named to the Canadian Curling Hall of Fame. Campbell died in Trois-Rivières on July 4, 2014.

Wandering Fires: Wandering Fires is a 1925 silent film drama produced and directed by Maurice Campbell and stars Constance Bennett. It was distributed in the U.S. by Arrow Film Corporation and in the UK by Film Booking Offices of America. Campbell's wife, stage star Henrietta Crosman, appears in the film. A print is held by the George Eastman House.

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Pamela Jain: Pamela Jain is an Indian playback singer. Date of Birth:16th March.