Pamela Jain
Pamela Jain is an Indian playback singer. Date of Birth:16th March.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter)
Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Eleni Foureira
Eleni Foureira( 7 March 1987) is a Greek singer and dancer. She began her music career in 2007 as a member of the Greek girl group Mystique, before pursuing a solo career after the group disbanded in 2009. She represented Cyprus in Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song Fuego and she ended 2nd. Foureira signed a solo contract with Universal Music Greece and released her self- titled debut album in 2010, which received a platinum certification in Greece. She later signed with Minos EMI, and went on to release her second and third studio albums" Ti Poniro Mou Zitas" and" Anemos agapis" in 2012 and 2014, respectively. Both albums were well- received in Greece and Cyprus. Foureira left Minos EMI in 2015, and signed with Panik Records. Her fourth studio album" Vasilissa" was released in 2017. She represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song" Fuego". On 8 May 2018 she qualified from the first semi-final to the grand final, where she finished second with 436 points, the best result Cyprus has ever achieved in the contest.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Alex P
Alexander "Alex P" Papaconstantinou (Greek: Αλέξανδρος "Άλεξ" Παπακωνσταντίνου; born 29 December 1979 in Brännkyrka, Sweden), is a Greek-Swedish songwriter and music producer of Greek origin. He has worked with a number of artists including Jennifer López, Paulina Rubio, Enrique Iglesias, Antique, Elena Paparizou, Arash, Anna Vissi, Cameron Cartio, Eleni Foureira, Sarbel and Tamta. In 2011, Papaconstantinou adopted the production pseudonym Alex P and started collaborating with record producer RedOne, joined RedOne's production and 2101 songs writing team. His collaboration continued until 2014. Along with Adam Baptiste, Papaconstantinou has also been credited as a featured artist under the name "The WAV.s". Since 2017, he has been a member of the pop band VAX. Papaconstantinou has also written and co-written a number of notable songs for Eurovision Song Contest for Sarbel (Greece), Aysel and Arash (Azerbaijan), Ivi Adamou, Eleni Foureira and Tamta (Cyprus).

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Fuego (Eleni Foureira song)
"Fuego" is a song by Greek singer Eleni Foureira. The song represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 and was runner-up behind "Toy" from Israel's Netta. The song title was announced to the public (although not confirmed by CyBC) on 25 January 2018, and was composed by Greek-Swedish producer and songwriter Alex P. The music video was premiered on 2 March 2018 and the song was digitally released a week later.

Terence Robinson
Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.

Les Richards
Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).