Dhoop Kinare
Dhoop Kinare meaning at the edge of the sunshine in Urdu was a 1987 Pakistani television series presented by Pakistan Television Corporation. The show centers on a team of doctors in a hospital in Karachi and revolves around their routines at the hospital and their private lives at home. The show starred Rahat Kazmi and Marina Khan in lead roles, was directed by Sahira Kazmi and written by Haseena Moin. In the early days of PTV, drama serials were usually applauded for being richly diverse in their plots and direction. They were appreciated in Pakistan and their quality content was cherished over the border in India as well. A long list of such dramas may usually include "Dhoop Kinare" as one of those dramas at the top. The serial enjoyed seemingly undeniable success for two decades after it first finished airing. This serial is said to have promoted the careers of Rahat Kazmi and Marina Khan as one of the most-sought-after stars in Pakistani television industry. On 3 October 2011, an Indian soap opera in Hindi was launched by Sony Entertainment Television India. It was titled as "Kuch Toh Log Kahenge" and is loosely based on "Dhoop Kinare". This drama will soon air in India on Zindagi under the segment Zindagi Classics.

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Elizabeth Harrin
Elizabeth Harrin is the creator of" A Girl ’s Guide to Project Management", which she started in 2006.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Haseena Moin
Haseena Moin is a Pakistani dramatist, playwright and scriptwriter. She has written several plays for stage, radio and television, some of which have even gained international repute. She is the recipient of the Pride of Performance award for her services to the performing arts in Pakistan. She wrote Pakistan's first original script 'Kiran Kahani' aired in the early-1970s. Before this PTV relied on novel-based scripts for dramas. She is considered to be the best playwright and dramatist Pakistan has ever witnessed. Some of the most popular dramas she wrote that gained international repute include Ankahi, Tanhaiyaan, Kiran Kahani, Dhoop Kinaray, Aahat, Uncle Urfi, Shehzori, Kohar, Des Pardes, Pal Do Pal, Aansoo, Kasak, Parchaiyan (1976) and Parosi. Other notable works include Mere Dard ko Jo Zuban Milay, Kaisa Yeh Junoon, Dhundle Raaste, Shayad ke Bahar Aaye, Mohim Joo, Tum Se Mil Kar, Bandish and Zer Zabar Paish. It appears strange that with such a success following even greater success on the TV screen, Moin didn't branch out into other literary forms like novels or short stories which are such a popular genre among Urdu fiction writers.