Gare de Cannes
Gare de Cannes or" Cannes- Ville" is the main railway station for the French Southern city of Cannes. It is situated on the Marseille – Ventimiglia railway.

On the Trail with Miss Snail Pail
On the Trail with Miss Snail Pail is a 2009 short documentary film that follows Colleen Flanigan, aka Miss Snail Pail, as she provides a snail removal service that recycles the garden pests into food. " On the Trail"'s first festival screening was at the 2009 Tucson Slow Food& Film Festival in Arizona. The film was also selected for screening by the 2009 Modesto Reel Food Film Festival in California, the 2009 Colorado Environmental Film Festival in Golden, Colorado, and the 2011 9th Annual Wild and Scenic Film Festival in Nevada City, California.

Petria's Wreath
Petria's Wreath, is a 1980 Yugoslav film directed by Srđan Karanović. It won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film, with Mirjana Karanović picking up the Golden Arena for Best Actress at the 1980 Pula Film Festival.

Petra (disambiguation)
Petra is the Nabataean kingdom capital's archeological site, carved in the desert rock of (Trans)Jordan.
Petra, PETRA or Petria may also refer to :

XX/XY
XX/ XY is a 2002 American romantic drama film written and directed by Austin Chick and starring Mark Ruffalo, Kathleen Robertson, and Maya Stange. The title refers to the different chromosome pairings present in men and women. It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival in the year it was released. Although the funding for the film came from the US, the film was produced by British company Natural Nylon.

Festival in Cannes
Festival in Cannes is a 2001 film directed by Henry Jaglom. The plot is an entertainment industry farce about filmmakers trying to make deals during the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.

Nazar (1991 film)
Nazar(" The Gaze") is a 1991 Hindi- language film based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's short story," The Meek One". The film produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India( NFDC) was directed by Mani Kaul and starred his daughter Shambhavi Kaul with Shekhar Kapur and Surekha Sikri. The film travelled to international festivals like the Birmingham Film Festival in UK, Fribourg Film Festival in Germany, Hong Kong International Film Festival, Lisbon Film Festival in Portugal, Locarno Film Festival in Switzerland, London Film Festival in UK, Rotterdam Film Festival in Netherlands, Festival des 3 continent at Nantes in France and the Seattle Film Festival in United States.

True North (film)
True North is a 2006 Scottish drama film directed by Steve Hudson and starring Martin Compston, Peter Mullan, Gary Lewis and Steven Robertson as sailors aboard a Scottish fishing boat smuggling illegal immigrants from China into the United Kingdom. The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in Canada on 11 September 2006 and was also shown at the Max Ophüls Festival in Germany, the Karlovy Vary Film Festival in the Czech Republic, the Copenhagen International Film Festival in Denmark and the Ourense International Film Festival in Spain. There is a 2014 Korean film, Haemoo, with the same story which is attributed to a 2007 stage play by the same name.

Be a Man! Samurai School
It premiered at the Fantasia Festival in 2008, and was subsequently screened at the New York Asian Film Festival in 2009.

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.