Jiří Baumruk
Jiří Baumruk( 27 June 1930 – 23 November 1989) was a Czech professional basketball player.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Mathias Rosenblad
Count Mathias Rosenblad (June 23, 1758 – September 4, 1847) was a Swedish politician and government official. In 1797, he was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.

George I of Münsterberg
George I of Münsterberg( also:" George I of Poděbrady"; or; or" Jiří z Poděbrad"; 2 October 1470, Litice Castle – 10 November 1502, Oleśnica) was a member of the House of Poděbrady and a Duke of the Silesian Duchies of Münsterberg and Oels and Count of Glatz.

Pavel Juráček
Pavel Juráček( 2 August 1935, Příbram, Czechoslovakia – 20 May 1989, Prague) was a Czech screenwriter and film director who studied at FAMU. Although not as famous as Miloš Forman or Jiří Menzel, he was an exponent of the Czech New Wave as well. He worked at Prague Barrandov Studios; however after his satirical movie" Case for a Rookie Hangman"( 1970) was shelved, his movie career came to an end.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.