The Falcon Takes Over: The Falcon Takes Over( also known as The Falcon Steps Out), is a 1942 black- and- white mystery film directed by Irving Reis. The B film was the third, following" The Gay Falcon" and" A Date with the Falcon"( 1941), to star George Sanders as the character Gay Lawrence, a gentleman detective known by the sobriquet the Falcon.

The Falcon Strikes Back: The Falcon Strikes Back( The Falcon Comes Back) is a 1943 American crime film directed by Edward Dmytryk and stars Tom Conway as the title character, the amateur sleuth, the Falcon. Supporting roles are filled by Harriet Hilliard, Jane Randolph, Edgar Kennedy, with Cliff Edwards filling in for Allen Jenkins as the Falcon's sidekick," Goldie" Locke. It is the sixth film in the Falcon series and the second for Conway, reprising the role that his brother, George Sanders had initiated.

Vatroslav Mimica: Vatroslav Mimica( born 25 June 1923) is a Croatian film director and screenwriter. Born in Omiš, Mimica had enrolled at the University of Zagreb School of Medicine before the outbreak of World War II. In 1942 he joined Young Communist League of Yugoslavia( SKOJ) and in 1943 he went on to join the Yugoslav Partisans, becoming a member of their medical units. After the war Mimica wrote literary and film reviews, and his career in filmmaking began in 1950 when he became the director of the Jadran Film production studio. He had his directorial and screenwriting debut in the 1952 Yugoslav film" In the Storm"( Croatian:" U oluji") which starred Veljko Bulajić, Mia Oremović and Antun Nalis. In the 1950s Mimica worked as a director and writer on a number of critically acclaimed animated films and became a prominent member of the Zagreb School of Animated Films( his 1958 animated short film" The LonerSamac") was awarded the Venice Grand Prix), along with authors such as Vlado Kristl and Academy Award- winning Dušan Vukotić. In the 1960s Mimica moved away from animation( his last animated film was 1971 film" The FiremenVatrogasci")) and turned to directing feature films, starting with the 1961 Yugoslav- Italian film" Suleiman the Conqueror"( Italian:" Solimano il conquistatore") starring Edmund Purdom and Giorgia Moll. His 1965 film" Prometheus of the IslandPrometej s otoka Viševice") won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film at the 1965 Pula Film Festival and earned Mimica a runner- up Silver Arena award for Best Director. It was also entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival winning a Special Diploma. The following year his 1966 film" Monday or TuesdayPonedjeljak ili utorak") also won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film and Mimica won the Golden Arena for Best Director. Mimica made several other films through the 1970s, most notably the period films" Anno Domini 1573( Peasant revolt of 1573) Seljačka buna 1573." in Croatian- depicting the 16th century Croatian- Slovenian peasant revolt, and" The FalconBanović Strahinja"), set in 14th century Serbia, before retiring from filmmaking in 1981. His son Sergio Mimica- Gezzan is an American film and television director.

The Falcon and the Co-eds: The Falcon and the Co-eds is a 1943 film under the direction of William Clemens, and produced by Maurice Geraghty, the same team that had worked on" The Falcon in Danger"( 1943) and would stay together for the next film in the Falcon series. " The Falcon and the Co-eds" was the seventh of 16 in the Falcon series. The story and screenplay was by Ardel Wray, a frequent collaborator with Val Lewton in his RKO horror series, who added supernatural elements to the proceedings. As he had in the past three Falcon films, Tom Conway played the suave amateur sleuth, this time backed up by a bevy of young starlets, including Jean Brooks, Rita Corday and Amelita Ward.

Martin Frič: Martin Frič( 29 March 1902 – 26 August 1968) was a Czech film director, screenwriter and actor. He had more than 100 directing credits between 1929 and 1968, including feature films, shorts and documentary films. Throughout his life, Frič struggled with alcoholism. On the day of the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968, he attempted suicide, after battling cancer. He died in the hospital five days later.

The Falcon's Adventure: The Falcon's Adventure is a 1946 film which was the 13th of sixteen films about The Falcon and the final film of RKO's Falcon series starring Tom Conway. It was directed by William Berke, who had served as producer for the previous entry in the series, 1946's" The Falcon's Alibi".

The Falcon's Alibi: The Falcon's Alibi is a 1946 American mystery film directed by Ray McCarey and starring Tom Conway, Rita Corday and Vince Barnett. It was the ninth film featuring Conway as The Falcon. After the following film," The Falcon's Adventure", the series was ended due to declining popularity.

Valentin the Good: Valentin the Good is a 1942 Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič.

The Falcon (film): Banović Strahinja( Serbian Cyrillic:" Бановић Страхиња", released internationally as The Falcon) is a 1981 Yugoslavian- German adventure film written and directed by Vatroslav Mimica based on Strahinja Banović, a hero of Serbian epic poetry. It entered the section" Officina Veneziana" at the 38th Venice International Film Festival.

The Falcon Out West: The Falcon Out West( aka The Falcon in Texas) is a 1944 American mystery film directed by William Clemens and starring Tom Conway, Joan Barclay and Barbara Hale. The film was part of RKO's The Falcon series of detective films, this time, a murder set in Texas.