Otto Lipmann
Otto Lipmann( 6 March 1880 – 7 October 1933) was a German psychologist, an expert in vocational guidance, and one of the pioneers in the use of counseling for the selection of a profession.

Wayne Wahrman
Wayne Wahrman, sometimes credited as Wayne P. Wahrman or Wayne R. Wahrman, is a film editor. He has worked on over twenty films in a career that has lasted more than three decades.

Wayne Péré
Wayne Péré, sometimes credited as Wayne Pére or Wayne Pere, is an American actor.

Jesse Wayne Brazel
Jesse Wayne Brazel, or Wayne Brazel( December 31, 1876 – after 1913), was an American Old West ranch hand, during the closing years of that era. Brazel's place in history resulted from his 1908 confession and trial for the fatal shooting of former lawman Pat Garrett who, more than a quarter of a century earlier in 1881, had tracked down and killed William H. Bonney, also known as Billy the Kid.

Wayne Maki
Wayne Maki ( November 20, 1944 – May 12, 1974) was a professional ice hockey player and an early star of the Vancouver Canucks club in the National Hockey League( NHL). Maki was born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario. He broke into professional hockey in 1964 with the St. Louis Braves of the Central Hockey League( CPHL), and joined the Chicago Black Hawks at left wing for the 1967 – 68 season, playing the year with his older brother Chico Maki. He was claimed by the St. Louis Blues in 1969. In a preseason game on September 21, 1969, Maki and Boston Bruins defenceman" Terrible" Ted Green engaged in a bloody, violent stick- swinging fight; Green was hit in the head and suffered a fractured skull and a brain injury. Maki and Green were both charged with assault as a result of the incident, the first time NHL players faced charges as a result of on- ice violence; both were acquitted. Maki was suspended by the NHL for 30 days. Maki was eventually sent down to the Buffalo Bisons of the American Hockey League( AHL). Later commentators have rated Maki's attack as one of the most vicious attacks in league history. The Vancouver Canucks claimed Maki in the 1970 NHL Expansion Draft. The feisty winger caught on with the team and became one of the franchise's first stars, being among the team's leading scorers both of his full seasons with the team. Maki played two- and- a- half seasons with Vancouver until being diagnosed with brain cancer in December 1972. He died on May 12, 1974, aged 29. The Canucks unofficially retired his number 11 jersey until Mark Messier, who had worn number 11 with the Edmonton Oilers and New York Rangers, joined the team, which allowed him to wear it over the protest of Maki's family. His NHL career statistics are: 246 games played, 57 goals, 79 assists, 136 points, and 184 penalty minutes in regular season play, and 2 games played, 1 goal, 0 assists, 1 point, and 2 penalty minutes in the playoffs.

Jack Vale (comedian)
Jack Vale( born September 2, 1973) is an American comedian who has a YouTube channel featuring hidden cameras and pranks. As of November 2019, his videos have over 444 million views and his channel has more than 1.5 million subscribers.

Julia Catherine Stimson
Julia Catherine Stimson( May 26, 1881 – September 30, 1948) was an American nurse, credited as one of several persons who brought nursing to the status of a profession.

Steve Hoffman (American football)
Steve Hoffman( born September 8, 1958) is an American football coach. He has more than two decades of NFL coaching experience.

Kenner Elias Jones
Kenner Elias Jones is a Welsh conman who has more than 60 criminal convictions.

T.I.
Clifford Joseph Harris Jr.( born September 25, 1980), known professionally as T.I. and Tip( often stylized as TIP or T.I.P.), is an American rapper, and actor. Harris signed his first major- label record deal in 1999 with Arista subsidiary LaFace. In 2001, Harris formed the Southern hip hop group P$C, alongside his longtime friends and fellow Atlanta- based rappers Big Kuntry King, Mac Boney, and C- Rod. Upon being released from Arista, Harris signed to Atlantic and subsequently became the co-chief executive officer( CEO) of his own label imprint, Grand Hustle Records, which he launched in 2003. Harris is also known as one of the artists who popularized the hip hop subgenre trap music, along with Jeezy and Gucci Mane. Harris has released ten studio albums, with seven of them reaching the top five of the US" Billboard" 200 chart. Throughout his career, Harris has also released several highly successful singles, including Billboard Hot 100 number one hits" Whatever You Like" and" Live Your Life", the later replaced the former atop the chart and helped Harris join a select group of artists to replace themselves at number one and simultaneously occupy the top two positions. Harris began to gain major recognition in 2003 following his first high- profile feature on fellow Atlanta- based rapper Bone Crusher's single" Never Scared". Harris earned more prominence with the release of" Trap Muzik"( 2003), which includes the Top 40 songs" Rubber Band Man" and" Let's Get Away". The next year, Harris appeared on Destiny's Child's international hit" Soldier" alongside Lil Wayne, and released his third album" Urban Legend"( 2004). His subsequent albums," King" and" T.I. vs. T.I.P.", generated high record sales and were supported by popular singles, such as" What You Know" and" Big Shit Poppin'( Do It)", respectively. Harris' sixth album," Paper Trail"( 2008), became his most successful project, with the album being certified gold for first- week sales of over 500,000 copies in the United States, additionally making it his third consecutive number one album. In 2013, Harris was featured on Robin Thicke's single" Blurred Lines" alongside Pharrell Williams, which peaked at number one on several major music charts. In November 2013, Harris announced that he had signed with Columbia Records after his 10- year contract with Atlantic came to an end. He released his Columbia debut" Paperwork" in October 2014. In February 2016, Harris signed a distribution deal with Roc Nation and later an ad distribution deal with Epic Records in September 2018. The former served as a means to release his political" Us or Else" EP series, while the latter released his long- delayed tenth album" Dime Trap" in October of that year. Harris has won three Grammy Awards. Harris has served two terms in county jail, twice for probation violations and a federal prison bid for a U.S. federal weapons charge. While serving 11 months in prison, he released his seventh studio album" No Mercy"( 2010). Harris has also had a successful acting career, starring in the films" ATLTakers Get HardIdentity Thief", and in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films" Ant- Man" and its sequel. He is also a published author of two novels," Power& Beauty"( 2011) and" Trouble& Triumph"( 2012), both of which were released to moderate success. Harris has also starred in the American reality television series" T.I.'s Road to Redemption", and" The Grand Hustle". In 2009," Billboard" ranked him as the 27th best artist of the 2000s decade.