Nicholas Nagy-Talavera
Nicholas M. Nagy- Talavera or Miklós Nagy( February 1, 1929 – January 23, 2000) was a Hungarian- American dissident, historian, writer and professor,

Nikola Tomašić
Nikola Tomašić (Hungarian: "Miklós Tomassich" or "Miklós Tomasics"; 13 January 1864 – 29 May 1918) was a Croatian politician, who served as ban (viceroy) of the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia. In 1903 he served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Miklós László
Miklos Laszlo (May 20, 1903 – April 19, 1973) was a playwright and naturalized American citizen born in Budapest, Hungary. He is best remembered for his play "Illatszertár", also known as "Parfumerie", which was used as the storyline for three movies, "The Shop Around the CornerIn the Good Old Summertime", and, most recently, "You've Got Mail". The play also was adapted for the Broadway stage as the musical "She Loves Me".

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Xu Yulan
Xu Yulan( born Wang Yulan, December 27, 1921 – April 19, 2017) was a Yue opera singer- actress who plays" Sheng" roles( all male characters).

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.