Roberto Car
Roberto Car( born 3 January 1947 in Trieste) is an Italian physicist, who works on simulation of molecular dynamics phenomena.

Namie Amuro
Born in Naha, Okinawa, Japan, Amuro debuted as the lead singer of the idol group Super Monkey's when she was 14 years old. Despite early sales disappointments, she ventured into modeling and acting, attracting domestic attention with the group's best-selling single "Try Me (Watashi o Shinjite)". She signed to Avex Trax in 1995 and debuted as a solo artist with the single "Body Feels Exit". Her 1996 studio album, "Sweet 19 Blues," sold over 3 million copies, setting the record at the time for the biggest selling album by a female artist in Japan and the highest selling album debut in the world (currently ranked #15 in the world's largest first week album sales). One of the singles from her album "Concentration 20" (1997), "Can You Celebrate?", is the best-selling single by a solo female artist in Japanese music history. From 1999, Amuro partnered with international musicians and producers on her records, beginning with "Genius 2000" (2000). In the early 2000s, Amuro's music evolved from pop to R&B, and Amuro saw a decline in sales. "Play" (2007), her eighth studio album, heralded a period of commercial resurgence. She continued to experiment musically, moving to electronic dance music and English language songs with follow-up records "Uncontrolled" (2012) and "Feel" (2013). She subsequently released her eleventh studio album, "Genic" (2015) and a compilation album, "Finally" (2017). Amuro is noted within the Japanese entertainment industry, and the wider Western music industry, for "producing" and managing her own career. Aside from music, she has appeared in various advertisement campaigns in Japan and founded her own management company, Stella88, and her own record label, Dimension Point. Having sold more than 36 million records in Japan, Amuro is recognized as one of the best-selling artists in Japan by Oricon. Since her solo debut, she has top 10 singles for 23 consecutive years (#1 for solo artist). All of her albums are at least certified Platinum, and her debut solo album, "Sweet 19 Blues", was the best selling album in Japan. She is the only artist in Japan selling million albums in her teens, 20s, 30s and 40s. Furthermore, her last album, "Finally", topped the Year-End album charts of both Oricon and Billboard Japan for two consecutive years (The first and only artist in the Japanese Music Industry to do so). Amuro has frequently been noted for her live performances at music award ceremonies and she is the recipient of World Music Awards, Japan Record Awards, Japan Gold Disc Awards, and MTV Video Music Awards Japan among many others. On September 16, 2018, Amuro officially retired from the music and entertainment business.

Joshua Car
Joshua Car( born 1 August 2000 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian race car driver with residence in Dallas, Texas, United States.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Fast Car (Namie Amuro song)
"Fast Car" is a song by Namie Amuro. It was released as the main promotional track from her 9th album, "Past<Future", in November 2009. Amuro finds the song indicative of her sound on "Past<Future". The album puts more emphasis on songs with "bright melodies/coolness," instead of the R&B/hip-hop beats of "Play" and previous albums.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Duje Ćaleta-Car
Duje Ćaleta- Car( born 17 September 1996) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a centre- back for French club Marseille and the Croatia national football team. He is a member of the Croatian squad which ended as runners- up to France in 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Marko Car (basketball)
Marko Car( born 21 October 1985) is a Croatian professional basketball player for UBSC Graz of the Austrian Basketball Superliga.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.