Amin al-Hindi
Amin al-Hindi (1940 – August 17, 2010) was an intelligence chief of the Palestinian Authority. Hindi was a leader of the Black September movement and was suspected of involvement in the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics that resulted in the deaths of 11 Israeli athletes and coaches. Hindi was born in Gaza in 1940 and was actively involved with Yasir Arafat in the Fatah movement that Arafat created in the 1950s. In its obituary, "The New York Times" described Hindi as being "widely suspected of having played an organizing role" in the Black September attack in Munich that led to the deaths of 11 athletes and coaches representing the Israeli Olympic team at the 1972 Summer Games who had been taken as hostages at the Olympic village on the morning of September 5, 1972. Israeli security forces carried out a series of killings of individuals believed to have been involved with the massacre. Hindi never acknowledged his involvement in the attack and may have been the last living person involved with plotting the attack following the death of Abu Daoud, the Palestinian terrorist known as the planner, architect and mastermind of the Munich massacre. Israel permitted him to return from exile in the 1990s following the Oslo Accords. He became a senior official in the Palestinian Authority and served as commander of the Palestinian General Security and Intelligence Service until 2005. In that role he had frequent contact with Israeli military and security forces. The Palestinian news agency Wafa reported that al-Hindi had died at age 70 on August 17, 2010, in Amman, Jordan, due to liver cancer and pancreatic cancer. His body was transported from Jordan to the West Bank where ceremonies honoring him were held at the presidential headquarters of Mahmoud Abbas. His body was then transferred through Israel for burial in Gaza. His Gaza funeral was attended by members of the Fatah Central Committee and the Fatah Revolutionary Council. A procession traveled from his home in the Al-Rimal neighborhood to the Katiba Mosque.

Ghazi Mohammed Amin Al-Rayes
Ghazi Mohammed Amin Al- Rayes( born August 23, 1935) is a retired Kuwaiti ambassador.

Dhiren Barot
Dhiren Barot( aliases: Bilal, Abu Musa al- Hindi, Abu Eissa al- Hindi, and Issa al- Britani; born December 1971) is a convicted Indian- born British terrorist.

Amin al-Din Rashid al-Din Vatvat
Amin al- Din Rashid al- Din Vatvat was a 13th- century Persian physician. The National Library of Medicine possesses an untitled Persian treatise on general preparation of food and drink which gives the author as Amin al- Din Rashid Vatvat and specifies that it was composed for Arghun Khan who ruled from 1284 to 1291 CE. A much shorter treatise on the same topic, also written by the order of Arghun Khan, is preserved in another untitled manuscript where the author is given as Amin al- Din Rashid al- Din Otaji. A Persian tabular treatise on the same topic written by Amin al- Din Otaji and dedicated to Mahmud Ghazan Khan( who ruled from 1295 to 1304CE) is preserved in two copies. For both these treatises see C.A. Storey," Persian Literature: A Bio-Bibliographical Survey", volume II, part 2: E. Medicine( London: Royal Asiatic Society, 1971), p. 217 no. 373. The treatise now at the National Library of Medicine, with author given as Amin al- Din Rashid Vatvat, is presumably by the same author whose name appears as Amin al- Din Rashid al- Din Otaji in other manuscripts. This Amin al- Din Rashid al- Din Vatvat can not be the same person as Rashid al- Din Muhammad al- Umari Vatvat who lived in the 12th century and wrote in the name of the governor of Khvarazm( a northern province of Persia) to two prominent physicians in Baghdad, Abu al- Barakat al- Baghdad( d. 1165 CE) and Ibn al- Tilmidh asking them to recommend a physician from amongst their students who could take over al- Jurjani's position as court physician following his death around 1136 CE. For this earlier Rashid al- Din al- Vatvat, see Lutz Richter- Bernburg," Persian Medical Manuscripts at the University of California, Los Angeles: A Descriptive Catalogue", Humana Civilitas, vol. 4( Malibu: Udena Publications, 1978), p. 3.

Ayman Al-Hindi
Ayman Al- Hindi( born 5 January 1986) is a Palestinian football midfielder, who plays for Palestine football club Gaza Sports. He plays on a central and left midfield position. Al- Hindi captained the senior Palestine national football team through its first competitive international played within the West Bank, a 1 – 1 draw with Jordan.

Nadia Al-Hindi
Nadia Al- Hindi( born February 8, 1972) is a Jordanian Olympic table tennis player. She represented Jordan in 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. She is now a member of the CEO of Jordan Tennis Federation.

Hanadi Zakaria al-Hindi
Hanadi Zakaria al- Hindi is the first Saudi woman to become a commercial airline pilot. She was born in Mecca in September 1978. She passed her final exams at the Middle East Academy for Commercial Aviation in Amman, Jordan on 15 June 2005. She has a ten- year contract with Prince Al- Waleed bin Talal ’s Kingdom Holding Company as a pilot of his private jet, the" Kingdom". Al- Waleed is considered a proponent for female emancipation in the Saudi world, financed her training and stated on her graduation that he is" in full support of Saudi ladies working in all fields". Al- Hindi became certified to fly within Saudi Arabia in 2014. Reports highlighted the irony that a Saudi woman is allowed to pilot an aeroplane but may not drive a car( although this has changed in 2017). Al- Hindi, however, does not see this as a contradiction.

Amin al-Shami
Amin al- Shami was a Yemeni air force colonel. He died in a car bomb on 11 October 2011.

Yusuf al-Hindi
Mohammed Shafi Armar, known as Yusuf al- Hindi, is an Indian Islamic militant and chief of operations for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in India.

János Horvay
János Horvay (May 29, 1874 - November 19, 1944) was a Hungarian sculptor, who earned reputation with his statues about Lajos Kossuth, leader of the Hungarian national uprising in 1848-49. However his most important work, the great Kossuth Memorial in Budapest proved to be a failure. Horvay was born on 29 May 1873 in Pécs. Between 1889 and 1895 he was the pupil of the prominent Viennese sculptor, Edmund Hellmer. After 1897 he lived in Budapest. Horvay made several trips in Paris (1901), Italy (1902) and the United States (1928). He received the gold medal of the National Salon in 1913. Horvay was also a popular artist of funeral works of art. His first important work was the statue of Lajos Kossuth in Cegléd (1902). The statue later became the model of other Kossuth Memorials in Washington and New York. In the same year Horvay made a sculpture for his hometown about Vilmos Zsolnay, the inventor of the famous Zsolnay glazed ceramics. Horvay won a competition in 1906 with his model for the great Kossuth Memorial in Budapest. The sculpture group depicting the members of the first parliamentary cabinet of Hungary was inaugurated in 1927 after twenty years of work. The memorial was heavily criticised because of its composition and "melancholic" appearance by the press and the public. Later it was demolished in 1950 and the pieces were re-erected separately in Dombóvár. Other works of Horvay are the Kossuth statue in New York (1928), the memorial of Ottó Herman (1930), statue of Géza Gárdonyi (1932) and Ludwig van Beethoven (1932), and the Memorial of Hungarian Doctors (1942). All the later sculptures are in Budapest.