Ernest de Bunsen
Ernst Christian Ludwig von Bunsen or Ernest de Bunsen( 1819 in Rome – 1903 in London) was an Anglo- German writer whose speculative works proposing common origins of Buddhism, Essene Judaism and Christianity were later taken up as part of racist Aryan mythology. He was father of Maurice de Bunsen.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Ernst Torgler (Medal of Honor)
Ernst Torgler (or Ernest R. Torgler) (December 28, 1837 - August 3, 1923) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Torgler received his country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor. Torgler's medal was won for saving his commanding officer from capture at the Battle of Ezra Church in Georgia, on July 28, 1864. He was honored with the award on May 10, 1894. Torgler was born in Mecklenburg, Germany, and entered service in Toledo, Ohio, where he was later buried.

Ray B. Sitton
Ray Benjamin Sitton( November 6, 1923 – August 16, 2013) was an American lieutenant general, command pilot and navigator. He was Director of the Joint Staff, Organization of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Washington, D.C.

James Duff (businessman)
James Duff( born 1961) is an American billionaire businessman. Together with his brother Thomas Duff, he is the founder and co-owner Duff Capital Investors, a holding company with annual turnover in excess of$ 2.6 billion. The brothers inherited Southern Tire Mart from their father, Ernest Duff. He is married, with two children, and lives in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. They are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

Thomas Duff (businessman)
Thomas Duff( born 1956) is an American billionaire businessman. Duff earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Southern Mississippi. Together with his brother James Duff, he is the founder and co-owner Duff Capital Investors, a holding company with annual turnover in excess of$ 2.6 billion. The brothers inherited Southern Tire Mart from their father, Ernest Duff. He is divorced, with two children, and lives in Hattiesburg, Mississippi.

Ernest Duff
Ernest Duff( June 2, 1931- May 27, 2016) was an American businessman, lawyer and former bishop of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. He was the founder of Southern Tire Mart, a large independent commercial tire dealership in North America.

Chester Ray Benjamin
Chester Ray Benjamin( January 23, 1923 – April 20, 2002) was an American mycologist. His research was focused on the taxonomy of fungal molds belonging to the orders Eurotiales and Mucorales. Born and raised in Ohio, Benjamin received his undergraduate education from Mount Union College in Alliance after serving in the Navy for four years during World War II. Benjamin earned his Doctoral degree( dissertation title:" Ascocarps of" Aspergillus" and" Penicillium) in 1955 from the University of Iowa under the tutelage of George Willard Martin. In 1960 Benjamin started an 11- year position as principal mycologist in the Crops Protection Research Branch of the Agricultural Research Service in Beltsville. In 1967, Benjamin was the president of the Mycological Society of America. From 1971 until his retirement, he held various positions in the Agriculture Department. Benjamin died of a heart attack at his home in Silver Spring, Maryland at the age of 79. The genus" Benjaminia" was named in his honor.

Benjamin (Fedchenkov)
Metropolitan Benjamin or Veniamin( born Iván Afanásevich Fédchenkov," Иван Афанасьевич Федченков"; 14 September 1880 – 4 October 1961) was a Bishop of the Russian Church, Orthodox missionary and writer.

Ernest Antwi
Master Ernest Antwi Nyarko, known as Ernest Antwi or Ernest Nyarko( born 9 September 1995) is a Ghanaian football player who plays for Rukh Lviv.