Nilesh Sahay
Nilesh Sahay is an Indian film actor. Sahay made his film debut in Ganesh Acharaya's 2011 film" Angel".

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Christopher-Lee Dos Santos
Christopher- Lee dos Santos is a South African film director and screenwriter perhaps best known for the 2013 independent film" Angel of the Skies".

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Angel Square
Angel Square is a 1990 Canadian film directed by Anne Wheeler and starring Ned Beatty and Nicola Cavendish. Based on the novel of the same title by Brian Doyle, it is set in 1945.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Anne Wheeler
Anne Wheeler, OC (born September 23, 1946) is a Canadian film and television writer, producer, and director. Graduating in Mathematics from the University of Alberta she was a computer programmer before traveling abroad. Her years of travels inspired her to become a storyteller and when she returned she joined a group of old friends to form a film collective. From 1975 to 1985 she worked for the NFB where she made her first feature film, "A War Story" (1981), which was about her father, Ben Wheeler and his time as a doctor in a P.O.W. camp during World War II. The war is a common theme in her work and she revisited it later in her films "Bye Bye Blues" (1989) and "The War Between Us" (1995). Her first non-NFB film was "Loyalties" in 1986. In addition to her films, Wheeler has directed episodes of "Cold SquadDa Vinci's InquestMysterious WaysThis Is Wonderland" and "The Guard". Wheeler has been nominated four times for the Genie Award for Best Achievement in Direction for her films "Loyalties" (1986), "Cowboys Don't Cry" (1988), "Bye Bye Blues" (1989), and "Suddenly Naked" (2001). Her 1998 television miniseries, "The Sleep Room", won Gemini awards for best television movie and best direction. In 2017 Wheeler won a Leo Award for Best Direction (Television Film) for the Hallmark movie "Stop the Wedding". Wheeler was made an Officer of the Order of Canada in 1995. In 2012 she received the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal. Wheeler has also been awarded seven honorary doctorates.