Upstairs and Downstairs
Upstairs and Downstairs is a 1959 British comedy drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring Michael Craig, Anne Heywood, Mylène Demongeot, Claudia Cardinale, James Robertson Justice, Joan Sims, Joan Hickson and Sid James. It should not be confused with the popular British, BAFTA and Emmy award- winning hit television series" Upstairs, Downstairs". It features the first English language performance of Claudia Cardinale.

The Secret of Mountain Lake
The Secret of Mountain Lake is a 1954 Soviet adventure film directed by Aleksandr Rou.

The Secret of Mulan
The Secret of Mulan is the 1998 entry in the series of Secret of ... films released direct to video by UAV/ Sterling Entertainment Group, which generally were adaptations of popular theatrical animated films released in a given year, such as" The Secret of Anastasia" and" The Secret of the Hunchback". This film, written by Katherine Lawrence and Christy Marx, is based on the poem about Hua Mulan, which had been made as a film by Walt Disney Pictures the same year as" Mulan", and combined with elements from another popular 1998 animated film," A Bug's Life". The film is one of the early collaborations of the composer- lyricist team of Megan Cavallari and David Goldsmith, and some copies were released with a CD soundtrack attached to the back cover.

El secreto de la solterona
El secreto de la solterona( also known as The Secret of the Spinster or The Secret of the Old Maid) is a 1945 Mexican mystery romantic drama film directed and co-written by Miguel M. Delgado, based on an 1868 book of the same name by E. Marlitt.

The Secret of Rosette Lambert
The Secret of Rosette Lambert is a 1920 French film directed by Raymond Bernard.

The Secret of Two Oceans
The Secret of Two Oceans is a 1956 Soviet drama film directed by Konstantine Pipinashvili.

Upstairs and Downstairs (1925 film)
Upstairs and Downstairs( German: Vorderhaus und Hinterhaus) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and Carl Wilhelm and starring Max Adalbert, Mary Kid and Valeska Stock. The film's sets were designed by the art director Heinrich Richter.

The Secret of Bacchus
The Secret of Bacchus is a 1984 Romanian comedy film directed by Geo Saizescu.

Upstairs and Down
Upstairs and Down is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Charles Giblyn, and starring Olive Thomas, Rosemary Theby, David Butler, and Robert Ellis. It is based on the 1916 play of the same name by Frederick and Fanny Hatton. " Upstairs and Down" is now presumed lost.

The Secret of Blood
The Secret of Blood is a 1953 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.