Felix Luckeneder: Felix Luckeneder( born 21 March 1994) is an Austrian footballer who plays for TSV Hartberg on loan from LASK Linz.

Ron Wallace (poet): Ron Wallace is an American poet, and Felix Pollak Professor of Poetry& Halls- Bascom Professor of English at the University of Wisconsin- Madison.

Ronald Wallace (poet): Ronald Wallace is an American poet, and Felix Pollak Professor of Poetry& Halls- Bascom Professor of English at the University of Wisconsin – Madison.

John B. Earle: John Baylis Earle (October 23, 1766 – February 3, 1836) was a U.S. Representative from South Carolina, nephew of Elias Earle and cousin of Samuel Earle.

Sam Earle: Sam Earle is a Canadian actor, best known for his role as K.C. Guthrie, an ensemble character on. He is the son of actor and playwright Chris Earle and actor and theatre director Shari Hollett.

Godwin Davy: Godwin Davy( born 15 December 1979) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He made his international debut in a World Cup qualifying match against El Salvador, resulting in a lopsided match, losing 12- 0 in February 2008, and also played in the 4 – 0 loss to the same country in the return match in March 2008.

Kass Morgan: Kass Morgan( born July 21, 1984) is an American author and editor, best known as the author of" The 100" book series. She attended Brown University, studying English and History, and later earned a Master's at Oxford in 19th century literature. She now lives in New York City. Her parents are Sam Henry Kass and Marcia Bloom.

Noah Feldman: Noah R. Feldman( born May 22, 1970) is an American author and Felix Frankfurter Professor of Law at Harvard Law School. Much of his work is devoted to analysis of law and religion.

Chris Earle: Christopher( Chris) Earle is a Canadian actor, playwright and theatre director. He is best known for his 1999 play" Radio :30", which won the Floyd S. Chalmers Canadian Play Award in 2001. His other plays have included" Russell HillRunnymede The Proceedings Democrats Abroad" and" Big Head Goes to Bed". He is married to actress and theatre director Shari Hollett. The two first met as members of The Second City's Toronto stage company, for which Earle has also directed. Their son Sam Earle is also an actor, who appeared on and in a 2013 revival of" Radio :30".

Justin Townes Earle: Justin Townes Earle( born January 4, 1982) is an American singer- songwriter and musician. He is a son of alternative country artist Steve Earle and is named after Townes Van Zandt.