Bhupendra Bahadur Thapa
Bhupendra Bahadur Thapa is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Myagdi, Province No. 4. He is the member of the Presidium of Nepal Communist Party.

Dipak Prakash Bhatta
Dipak Prakash Bhatta is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Kanchanpur- 3, Province No. 7. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Devendra Paudel
Devendra Paudel is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Baglung- 2, Province No. 3. He is the member of Nepal Communist Party.

Akiko Matsuura
Akiko Matsuura (also known by the name Akiko "Keex" Matsuura) is a drummer and vocalist who is a member of the English bands Pre and Comanechi along with guitarist, Simon Petrovich. Originally from Osaka, Japan, she also played drums with The Big Pink, and has a side project called Sperm Javelin.

Pre (band)
Pre, often written as PRE, is a British noise rock band releasing music on the labels Skin Graft Records and Lovepump United. It is based in London and was formed around 2005 with singer Akiko Matsuura, known for taking the stage in only her underwear and extensive stage diving. Pre includes former members of Todd and Seafood. Guitar player John Webb is also a member of the noise rock band Male Bonding along with Kevin Hendrick.

Ghanashyam Khatiwada
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Baljinder Kaur (Punjab politician)
Baljinder Kaur is an Indian politician. She is the member of the Punjab Legislative Assembly.

Dhurba Kumar Shahi
Dhurba Kumar Shahi is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Surkhet- 1, Province No. 6. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Dev Prasad Timilsena
Dev Prasad Timilsena is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Rautahat- 4, Province No. 2. He is the member of Nepali Congress.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.