Office Romance. Our Time
Office Romance. Our Time is a 2011 Russian- Ukrainian romantic comedy film directed by Sarik Andreasyan. It is a remake of the 1977 Soviet film" Office Romance", directed by Eldar Ryazanov.

Office Romance
Office Romance is a Soviet comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov. It was filmed at Mosfilm and released in 1977. The film's plot is based on the stageplay" Co- workers" written by Eldar Ryazanov and Emil Braginsky, and tells the story of Ludmila Kalugina, head of a statistical bureau, and her subordinate, economist Anatoly Novoseltsev, who come from mutual aversion to love. " Office Romance" was a box office success, the leader of Soviet film distribution in 1978 and still enjoys wide popularity in the former Soviet republics. Both romantic drama and screwball comedy, the film is noted for its scenes of Moscow in the late 1970s, and for its comical depiction of the everyday life and customs of Soviet society during the Era of Stagnation.

Imperial Household Administration
The Imperial Household administration or office, may refer to:

The Little Convict
The Little Convict is a 1979 Australian film directed by Yoram Gross based on an original story by Gross.

Shirin Farhad (1931 film)
Shirin Farhad is a 1931 Hindi language musical film. It was the second Indian film with sound. It was based on the love story from the" Shahnameh" of Farhad and Shirin by Nizami Ganjavi. The film was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Nissar and Jehanara Kajjan. " Alam Ara" was released earlier the same year and was the first Indian film with sound.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Office Romance. Our Time
Office Romance. Our Time is a 2011 Russian- Ukrainian romantic comedy film directed by Sarik Andreasyan. It is a remake of the 1977 Soviet film" Office Romance", directed by Eldar Ryazanov.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Palaivana Rojakkal
Palaivana Rojakkal is a 1986 Indian Tamil- language political satire film written by M. Karunanidhi and directed by Manivannan. It is a remake of the Malayalam film" Vartha", released earlier the same year. The film stars Sathyaraj, Lakshmi, Nalini and Prabhu in the lead roles. It focuses on a journalist, his lover and his friend as they fight a corrupt system to expose unscrupulous politicians. " Palaivana Rojakkal" was released on 1 November 1986 and became a commercial success.

The Little Minister (1922 film)
The Little Minister is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by David Smith and produced and distributed by Vitagraph Company of America. It is based on a novel and play by James Barrie," The Little Minister". The film was released almost in direct competition with a late 1921 version from Paramount," The Little Minister" starring Betty Compson. This version stars Vitagraph favorites Alice Calhoun and James Morrison.