João de Lencastre, 1st Duke of Aveiro
João de Lencastre (?, 1501 – Coimbra, 1571), was the older son of Infante George, Duke of Coimbra and of his wife "Dona" Beatriz of Vilhena. Through his father, John was a grandchild of King John II of Portugal and a 3rd cousin to King Manuel I of Portugal. Through his mother, daughter of Álvaro of Braganza (4th male son of Fernando I, 2nd Duke of Braganza), John of Lencastre was close related to the most prestigious aristocratic families of the Kingdom (namely the Duke of Braganza, the Marquis of Ferreira, the Marquis of Vila Real, the Count of Vimioso, the Count of Portalegre). When he was 12 years old, he served crown prince John (who became later King John III of Portugal) and King Manuel I granted him the title of Marquis of Torres Novas by a royal decree issued on March 27, 1520. In that time, the royal house announced the marriage of Infante Ferdinand, Duke of Guarda (King Manuel I younger son) to the richest and prestigious heir "Dona" Guiomar Coutinho, 5th Countess of Marialva and the 3rd Countess of Loulé. However, John of Lencastre declared he had secretly married the richest bride. The scandal in the Court ended when King John III ordered the Marquis imprisonment in the Castle of São Jorge, in Lisbon, allowing the celebration of the Infante Ferdinand's marriage. After nine years, when he was released, he went to live in Setúbal, maybe ashamed for the situation, and he only returned to the Court in 1535, to escort Infante Luis, Duke of Beja, who was leading the Portuguese fleet in Charles V’s crusade against Tunis. In that year King John III granted him the title of Duke of Aveiro. After his return from Madrid, in 1537 (where he was sent by King John III to present formal condolences to Charles V, when his wife, Empress Isabel of Portugal, died) John of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Aveiro, decided to marry to "Dona" Juliana de Lara, daughter of the 3rd Marquis of Vila Real. In 1552, he was again chosen by the King to escort, from the border to Lisbon, the Infanta Joan of Spain, who would marry John, Crown Prince of Portugal (John III only surviving son). John of Lencastre and Juliana de Lara had two sons:
John of Lencastre wrote several books and built a magnificent convent in Arrábida, near Setúbal, where an annual music festival takes place.

Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro
" Dom" Raimundo of Lencastre(? – Cadiz, 1666) was the older son of George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas, and grandson of Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro. Once his father died before his grandmother, in 1632, he succeed him as heir of the House of Aveiro, as 4th Marquis of Torres Novas and 2nd Duke of Torres Novas. He also became 4th Duke of Aveiro when his grandmother, the 3rd Duchess, died in 1636. When the Braganzas expelled the Habsburgs from the Portuguese throne, in 1640, he was nominee member of the Portuguese State Council. However, after 1659, he fled to Brest, in Brittany, and from there he travelled to Spain, where he supported the Spanish Habsburgs rights to the throne of Portugal. He was quite welcomed in Madrid by King Philip IV of Spain, who granted him the new Spanish title of Duke of Ciudad Real, but, in spite his mother and sister also lived in Madrid, he did n't feel comfortable among the conservative Spanish nobility. Meanwhile, in Portugal, Dom Raimundo of Lencastre was condemn for treason( in 1663) and the King of Portugal, John IV, confiscated the Dukedom and granted it to Raimundo's uncle, Peter of Lencastre, a Braganza supporter, who was recognised as 5th Duke of Aveiro and 5th Marquis of Torres Novas. In 1665, the Spanish tried a last effort to conquer Portugal and" Dom" Raimundo advised a simultaneous naval expedition, leaving from Cadiz, against the Portuguese cost, which he led. The expedition was not successful and Raimundo died in Cadiz in 1666. He had married Louise Claire of Ligne( 1640 – 1684), daughter of Claude- Lamoral, 3rd Prince of Ligne. They had no issue. Raimundo had three natural children:

Afonso of Lencastre
Afonso of Lencastre( 1597 – 1654), was a Portuguese nobleman, son of the 3rd Dukes of Aveiro, Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre. This family descended from the Infante George of Lencastre, therefore they had royal blood. By a royal decree dated from 8 April 1627, King Philip III of Portugal( aka Philip IV of Spain) granted him the new title of Marquis of Porto Seguro. In spite of the Portuguese revolution of 1 December 1640, Afonso remained faithful to the Spanish Habsburgs. To reward his fidelity, King Philip IV granted him, by a decree issued on 23 March 1642, the new titles of Duke of Abrantes and Marquis of Sardoal. However, as Philip IV was no longer King of Portugal, these two titles were never recognise by the Portuguese authorities. D. Afonso was born in his family palace, in Azeitão( near Setúbal), Portugal, and, on 15 July 1627, he married a Spanish lady, Ana de Sande de Padilla, 2nd Marchioness of Valdefuentes. They had 4 children:

Álvaro of Lencastre, 3rd Duke of Aveiro
Álvaro of Lencastre( 1540 – 1626) was the son of Afonso of Lencastre, second son of infante George of Lencastre, 2nd Duke of Coimbra.

George of Lencastre, 2nd Duke of Aveiro
Jorge de Lencastre, or George of Lencastre (1548–1578), was the older son of Dom John of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Aveiro and of his wife Juliana de Lara, daughter of the 3rd Marquis of Vila Real. Until his father's death, he used the title of Marquis of Torres Novas, and also succeeded him as 2nd Duke of Aveiro in 1571. He was a close adviser to King Sebastian I of Portugal and he escorted him, both to the Guadalupe interview (where Sebastian met his uncle, King Philip II of Spain) and to the Portuguese campaign to Morocco. George was killed in the Battle of Alcácer Quibir, together with the King, in 1578. Before, he had married Madalena Girón, sister of the Spanish 1st Duke of Ossuna, from whom he had a single daughter:

Edmond de Talleyrand-Périgord
Edmond de Talleyrand- Périgord, 2nd Duke of Talleyrand, 2nd Duke of Dino( 1 August 1787, Paris – 14 May 1872, Florence), was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars.

Peter of Lencastre, 5th Duke of Aveiro
Pedro de Lencastre, or Peter of Lencastre( Azeitão, 1608 – Lisbon, 1673), was the youngest son of Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro. He studied theology in the University of Coimbra and he became successively Bishop of Guarda, Archbishop of Évora and Archbishop of Braga. In spite of the Portuguese revolution against the Spanish Habsburgs, his nephew, Raimundo of Lencastre, 4th Duke of Aveiro actively supported the rights of the Habsburg Kings and, in 1663, the new King of the Braganza Dynasty, John IV, decided to confiscate the Dukedom. However, Peter of Lencastre, a Braganza supporter, requested the cancellation of this decision and, finally in 1668, he was recognised as 5th Duke of Aveiro and Marquis of Torres Novas. Later the same year, when the peace between Portugal and Spain was signed, Peter's niece, Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, sister and heir of the 4th Duke, requested the cancellation of the decision that granted the Dukedom of Aveiro to her uncle, in order to obtain it for herself. Due to Peter of Lencastre's death in 1673, Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, still living in Spain, was recognised as the new Duchess of Aveiro on condition she would return to Portugal.

Gabriel of Lencastre, 7th Duke of Aveiro
His full name was Gabriel de Lencastre Ponce de León Manrique de Lara Cádenas Girón y Aragon( 1667 – 1745), known as" Dom" Gabriel of Lencastre. He was the 2nd son of Manuel Ponce de León, 6th Duke of Los Arcos, in Spain, and Maria de Guadalupe of Lencastre, 6th Duchess of Aveiro. His mother was recognised by the Portuguese King, as Duchess of Aveiro, in 1679, on the condition she would return to Portugal. Due to her husband's opposition, she divorced him, returned to her homeland and regained the House of Aveiro and their estates. Their elder son, Don Joaquín, would inherited the Spanish House of the Dukes of Los Arcos, while the younger, Dom Gabriel, would inherited the Portuguese House of the Dukes of Aveiro. Only after his mother's death( 1715), he came to Portugal. While he lived in Spain, King Charles II granted him the title of Duke of Baños, and he served in the Spanish army, both in the Catalonia and in the Flanders campaigns. He died single without issue. After his death the Duchy was claimed by his nephew, António de Lencastre Ponce de León( son of Joaquin 7th Duke of Los Arcos), and by José de Mascarenhas, 8th Count of Santa Cruz and 5th Marquis of Gouveia( descending from Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre through female line).

George of Lencastre, 1st Duke of Torres Novas
Jorge de Lencastre, or George of Lencastre( Azeitão, 1594 – Lisbon, 1632) was the older son of Dom Álvaro and Juliana of Lencastre, 3rd Dukes of Aveiro. As heir of the Dukes of Aveiro, he was 3rd Marquis of Torres Novas and, due to King Philip I ’s special grant, he also became the 1st Duke of Torres Novas. However, he never inherited the Dukedom of Aveiro, once he died before his mother. He married twice:

Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond
Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond, 2nd Duke of Lennox, 2nd Duke of Aubigny,( 18 May 17018 August 1750) was a British nobleman, peer, and politician. He was the son of Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond, an illegitimate son of King Charles II. He held a number of posts in connection with his high office but is best remembered for his patronage of cricket. He has been described as the most important of the sport's early patrons and did much to help its evolution from village cricket to first- class cricket.