Bounce
Bounce or The Bounce may refer to:

George Bryant (actor)
George Edwin Bryant( 1862 – 26 November 1943) was an Australian actor in the silent era. Between 1913 and 1936 he acted in eleven film roles, including starring roles in" The Sick Stockrider" and" Moondyne". Bryant died in his home in South Yarra, Victoria on 26 November 1943 he was 81.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Bounce Festival
The Bounce Festival is a music and arts festival in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, in Plumas County, California. Presented by The Bounce, LLC and Fresh Bakin', the two entities host a variety of music and special events year round in the Lake Tahoe, Sacramento, and Reno, NV area. The Bounce and Fresh Bakin' producers aim to create community while blurring the lines between musical genres. Highlights include integrated Installation Art, Live Painting by local and international artists, a movement and wellness village with workshops and yoga, a variety of craft and food vendors, and a river.

The Bounce Back
The Bounce Back is a 2016 American romantic comedy film directed by Youssef Delara and is loosely inspired by" The Bounce Back Book" by Karen Salmansohn. The film stars Shemar Moore, Nadine Velazquez, Bill Bellamy, Sheryl Underwood and Kali Hawk. Viva Pictures Distribution released the film on December 9, 2016.

Bounce Back
Bounce Back may refer to:

The Sick Stockrider
The Sick Stockrider is a 1913 film directed by W. J. Lincoln based on the 1870 poem of the same title by Adam Lindsay Gordon. It was the first production from Lincoln- Cass Films and is one of the few Australian silent films to survive in its entirety.

The Sick Stockrider (poem)
The Sick Stockrider is a poem by Australian poet Adam Lindsay Gordon. It was first published in" Colonial Monthly" magazine in January 1870, although the magazine was dated December 1869. It was later in the poet's second and last poetry collection" Bush Ballads and Galloping Rhymes"( 1870).

Bounce Tour
The Bounce Tour was a worldwide concert tour by American rock band Bon Jovi.