My Little Eye
My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times. The idea for the film came from reality television shows such as" Big Brother". The title refers to the guessing game I spy.

Indira Vizha
Indira Vizha is a 2009 Indian Tamil- language romantic thriller film directed by K. Rajeshwar, starring Srikanth, Namitha, and Shruti Marathe in the lead roles with Nassar, Vivek, Ragasya, Radha Ravi, and Y. G. Mahendra in supporting roles. The music was composed by newcomer Yatish Mahadev. It began its first schedule on 11 February 2008 and was released on 10 July 2009. The movie revolves around sexual harassment at work. It is loosely based on the Hindi film" Aitraaz", which itself was based on the Hollywood movie" Disclosure".

Hawks Nest
Hawk's Nest or Hawks Nest may refer to:

The Fabulous Senorita
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.

Crows Nest
Crows Nest or Crow's Nest may refer to:

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

Hornets Nest
Hornets Nest or hornet's nest may refer to:

Emmy of Stork's Nest
Emmy of Stork's Nest is a 1915 silent film directed by William Nigh. The film is based on the novel" Stork's Nest" by J. Breckenridge Ellis and was shot on location.

Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol(" When the River Kabani Turned Red") is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer, produced by Pavithran, and starring T. V. Chandran, Shalini, Raveendran and J. Siddiqui. This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period. It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer, who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards. Pavithran, who later directed many critically acclaimed Malayalam films produced the film. T. V. Chandran, who also later went on to direct a bevy of award- winning films in Malayalam and Tamil, played the lead role. After certain post-production controversies, the film debuted in theatres on 16 July 1976.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.