The Beginning or the End
The Beginning or the End is a 1947 American docudrama film about the development of the atomic bomb in World War II, directed by Norman Taurog, starring Brian Donlevy and Hume Cronyn, and released by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer. The film dramatizes the creation of the atomic bomb in the Manhattan Project and the bombing of Hiroshima. The film originated in October 1945 as a project of actress Donna Reed and her high school science teacher, Edward R. Tompkins, who was a chemist at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Bob Considine wrote the treatment, which was sent to MGM script writers. The title was supplied by President Harry S. Truman. At the time there was a legal requirement that permission be obtained to depict living well- known public figures. Many refused, but others, such as J. Robert Oppenheimer, co-operated. Major General Leslie R. Groves, Jr., the director of the Manhattan Project, was hired as a consultant for$ 10,000. Although the filmmakers put considerable effort into historical accuracy, particularly in details, the film is known for some key distortions of history. An entirely fictional sequence was added in which Truman agonizes over whether to authorize the attack; anti-aircraft shells are shown bursting around the" Enola Gay" on its bombing run over Hiroshima; and it is said that leaflets were dropped on Hiroshima for ten days in advance of the mission warning the citizens of the forthcoming raid. The film received generally mixed reviews, and was a box office disappointment.

Take Back the Night
Take Back the Night may refer to:

Hold Back the Night (disambiguation)
Hold Back the Night is a 1956 film about the Korean War. Hold Back the Night may also refer to:

Hold Back
Hold Back( original title: Rengaine) is a 2012 French drama film directed and written by Rachid Djaidani.

Can't Hold Back
Ca n't Hold Back or I Ca n't Hold Back may refer to:

Hold Back Tomorrow
Hold Back Tomorrow( 1955) is an American feature film released by Universal- International.

Hold Back the River
Hold Back the River may refer to:

Hold Back Your Love
Hold Back Your Love may refer to:

Don't Hold Back
Do n't Hold Back may refer to:

Hold Back the Night
Hold Back the Night is a 1956 American war film about the Korean War based on the 1951 novel by Pat Frank, who had been a war correspondent in Korea. The film was directed by Allan Dwan; his third film with John Payne and his third film about the United States Marine Corps, the others being" Abroad with Two Yanks"( 1944) and" Sands of Iwo Jima"( 1949).