Bicycle theft
Bicycle theft is the crime of stealing a bicycle.

The Crime of Father Amaro
The Crime of Padre Amaro,( known by its literal translation The Crime of Father Amaro in Australia) is a 2002 Mexican- Spanish film directed by Carlos Carrera. It is very loosely based on the novel" O Crime do Padre Amaro"( 1875) by 19th- century Portuguese writer José Maria de Eça de Queiroz. The film starred Gael García Bernal, Ana Claudia Talancón and Sancho Gracia. It premiered on 16 August 2002 in Mexico City. When it was released," The Crime of Padre Amaro" caused a controversy on the part of Roman Catholic groups in Mexico who tried to stop the film from being screened. They failed, and the film became the biggest box office draw ever in the country, beating previous record holder," Sexo, pudor y lágrimas"( 1999). In the United States of America, this film also enjoyed commercial success; Columbia- TriStar Home Entertainment paid less than$ 1 million to acquire the film's North American distribution rights and released the film theatrically through Samuel Goldwyn Films;; the film went on to gross$ 5.7 million in limited theatrical release in the United States. At the 75th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar.

The Crime of Cuenca
The Crime of Cuenca is a Spanish drama film( made in 1980), directed by Pilar Miró and based on a miscarriage of justice, known as the Crime of Cuenca, which took place in the early 20th century in the Spanish province of Cuenca. " El Crimen de Cuenca" is the title of a book published at the same time by the author of the movie script,( Lola) Salvador Maldonado, in which she recounts the same facts. The film was entered into the 30th Berlin International Film Festival.

The Crime of Shirvanskaya
The Crime of Shirvanskaya is a 1926 Soviet silent adventure film directed by Ivane Perestiani.

The Crime of Korea
The Crime of Korea was a 1950 propaganda film produced by the US Army Signal Corps mainly concerning the war crimes committed by the North Koreans.

The Christian Licorice Store
The Christian Licorice Store is a 1971 American drama film directed by James Frawley and starring Beau Bridges and Maud Adams. The title of the film is based on lyrics from the song" Pleasant Street" by Tim Buckley.

Crime of the Decade
Crime of the Decade is a 1984 Australian TV movie.

The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard (film)
The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard( French: Le crime de Sylvestre Bonnard) is a 1929 French silent drama film directed by André Berthomieu and starring Émile Matrat, Thérèse Kolb and Gina Barbieri. It is based on the 1881 novel" The Crime of Sylvestre Bonnard" by Anatole France.

Kidnapped
Kidnapped refers to the crime of kidnapping.

The Crime of Helen Stanley
The Crime of Helen Stanley is a 1934 American Pre- Code crime film directed by D. Ross Lederman. The film is also known as" Murder in the Studio".