Panda (Astro song)
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Falling (Bruce Guthro song)
"Falling" is a song written and recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Bruce Guthro. It was released in 1998 as the second single from his second studio album, "Of Your Son". The song peaked at number 15 on the "RPM" Country Tracks and number 12 on the "RPM" Adult Contemporary Tracks chart. It also peaked at number 39 on the "RPM" Top Singles chart.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Bruce Guthro
Bruce Guthro (born Bruce Gouthro on August 31, 1961) is a Canadian singer/songwriter, from Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia. Guthro has recorded as a solo artist, and was lead vocalist for the Scottish celtic rock band Runrig from 1998 until the group retired in 2018. Guthro has received several ECMAs (East Coast Music Awards), and hosted and conceptualized the Canadian TV show "Songwriters Circle", on which guests included Jim Cuddy, Colin James, and Alan Doyle (of the Canadian band Great Big Sea). Guthro is also the father of musicians Dylan Guthro and Jodi Guthro. He co-produced Dylan's award-winning 2012 debut album " All That's True" with Dave Gunning and co-wrote five of the album's songs. He resides in Hammonds Plains, Nova Scotia.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Christine Falling
Christine Laverne Falling( born" Christine Laverne Slaughter" on March 12, 1963, in Perry, Florida) is an American serial killer.