Soundarya
Soundarya Sathyanarayana (18 July 1972 – 17 April 2004) was an Indian actress and producer who worked predominantly in Telugu films and few Kannada, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi films in lead roles. In 2002, she received the National Film Award for Best Feature Film as producer for the Kannada film "Dweepa". She received two Karnataka State Film Awards for Best Actress, several Filmfare Awards South and the Nandi Awards for her performances in films such as "Ammoru" (1994), "Anthapuram" (1998), "Raja" (1999), "Dweepa" (2002) and "Aaptamitra" (2004). At the peak of her career, Soundarya died in an aircraft crash near Bangalore on 17 April 2004, when she was on her way to Andhra Pradesh to campaign for the Bharatiya Janata Party. Soundarya's first movie was the Kannada movie "Gandharva" in 1992, produced and directed by Hamsalekha. In the same year, she entered Telugu movies ("Tollywood") through the movie "Raithu Bharatham" opposite Krishna.

Craig Russell (English actor)
Craig Russell( born 16 June 1977) is an English actor, writer, producer who is known for his film& television work.

Kalank
Kalank is a 2019 Indian Hindi- language period drama film directed by Abhishek Varman and produced by Karan Johar, Sajid Nadiadwala and Fox Star Studios. It stars Madhuri Dixit, Sonakshi Sinha, Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Aditya Roy Kapur, Sanjay Dutt. It is a period drama set in 1945 in the pre-independence British era. Principal photography of the film began in April 2018 and was released on 17 April 2019 on 5300 screens worldwide making it the widest Bollywood release of 2019 as yet. The worldwide gross collection of the film is.

Isaac Hasson
Isaac Hasson is a professional musician, songwriter and record producer who is active in Los Angeles.

Richard Marcus
Richard Marcus is an American actor and producer who is best known for his roles in" St. ElsewhereTremors", and" The Pretender".

Sue Masters
Sue Masters is an Australian television producer who is currently the executive producer of drama for Special Broadcasting Service( SBS).

Bryan Gordon
Bryan Gordon is an American film and television director, writer and producer who is primarily known for directing comedy television shows.

Dweepa
Dweepa(" The Island") is a 2002 Indian Kannada language film by Girish Kasaravalli, based on the novel of the same name by Na D'Souza, and starring Soundarya and Avinash in lead roles. " Dweepa" deals with the raging issue of building dams and the displacement of natives.

Nomi Ruiz
Nomi Ruiz is an American singer, songwriter, actress, essayist and producer who is also known for her work as Jessica 6.

Karan Johar
Karan Kumar Johar( born Rahul Kumar Johar, 25 May 1972), often informally referred to as KJo, is an Indian film director, producer, screenwriter, costume designer, actor and television personality who works in Hindi films. He is the son of Hiroo Johar and the producer Yash Johar. Johar made his directorial debut with the widely- seen romance" Kuch Kuch Hota Hai"( 1998), which earned him the Filmfare Awards for Best Director and Best Screenplay. His next two films were the ensemble dramas" Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ..."( 2001) and" Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna"( 2006), which were both very successful in the overseas market. His social drama" My Name Is Khan"( 2010) earned him his second Filmfare Award for Best Director. The 2018 spy thriller" Raazi" won him Filmfare Award for Best Film. These, along with the several successful films he has produced under the Dharma Productions banner, have established him as one of the leading director- producers in Hindi cinema. Johar has also ventured successfully into other avenues of the entertainment industry. He hosts a television talk show," Koffee with Karan", and a radio show" Calling Karan", and appeared as a judge on competition reality shows" Jhalak Dikhhla JaaIndia's Got TalentIndia's Next Superstars".