William Douglas, 2nd Earl of Angus
William Douglas, 2nd Earl of Angus (24 February 1398 – October 1437) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier. The son of George Douglas, 1st Earl of Angus and Princess Mary of Scotland, he was a grandson of King Robert III. The story of Angus' life is interwoven with that of his uncle and King, James I of Scotland. Angus was born about 1398 at Tantallon Castle in East Lothian. He inherited the Earldom of Angus in 1402, following his father's death of the plague whilst in English captivity, following the Battle of Homildon Hill.

James Douglas, Earl of Angus
James Douglas, Earl of Angus (1671 – 3 August 1692) was a Scottish nobleman and soldier. He was born at Douglas Castle, Douglas, South Lanarkshire. The son of James Douglas, 2nd Marquess of Douglas and his first wife Lady Barbara Erskine, eldest daughter of John Erskine, 20th Earl of Mar.

Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus
Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus( c. 148922 January 1557) was a Scottish nobleman active during the reigns of James V and Mary, Queen of Scots. He was the son of George, Master of Angus, who was killed at the Battle of Flodden, and succeeded as Earl of Angus on the death of his grandfather, Archibald.

John Comyn (died 1242)
John Comyn, Earl of Angus jure uxoris, was a son of William Comyn, Lord of Badenoch later the Earl of Buchan and became the Earl of Angus, jure uxoris of his wife Matilda, heiress of Máel Coluim, Earl of Angus. He died in 1242.

James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Morton
James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Morton( died 1548) was a son of John Douglas, 2nd Earl of Morton and a grandson of James Douglas, 1st Earl of Morton and Joan of Scotland, a daughter of James I of Scotland. He married Catherine Stewart, an illegitimate daughter of King James IV of Scotland by his mistress Marion Boyd. The couple had three daughters; Margaret, Beatrix, and Elizabeth. He was succeeded by his son-in- law, James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton, husband of his daughter Elizabeth. His daughter Lady Margaret Douglas married James Hamilton, 2nd Earl of Arran, who was heir presumptive to the Scottish throne after Mary, Queen of Scots prior to the birth of Queen Mary's son Prince James in 1566. Beatrix married Robert Maxwell, 6th Lord Maxwell. Morton's three daughters were all affected by mental ill- health.

George Douglas, 4th Earl of Angus
George Douglas, 4th Earl of Angus, Lord Douglas, Abernethy and Jedburgh Forest( c. 1427 – 12 March 1463) was a Scottish nobleman. He was the son of William Douglas, 2nd Earl of Angus and Margaret Hay of Yester. Known as the Great Earl of Angus, he succeeded to the Earldom following the death of his childless brother James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Angus in 1446. He was to become the first Red Chief of Douglas.

James Douglas, 9th Earl of Douglas
James Douglas, 9th Earl of Douglas, 3rd Earl of Avondale KG( 1426–1488) was a Scottish nobleman, last of the' Black' earls of Douglas.

James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Angus
James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Angus, Lord of Liddesdale and Jedburgh Forest (1426–1446) was a Scottish nobleman. He was the son of William Douglas, 2nd Earl of Angus and Margaret Hay of Yester. Angus succeeded at the age of eleven years and was soon involved in strife with his Black Douglas cousins. He was forfeited of his estates by James II in 1445, under the influence of his near cousin William Douglas, 8th Earl of Douglas. The Earl of Douglas was trying to consolidate the power which he had gained through the murder of his cousins at the "Black Dinner" at Edinburgh Castle, sanctioned by the king and his own father James the Gross, 7th Earl of Douglas. It has been suggested that the feud between the Black and Red Lines of the House of Douglas was encouraged by Bishop Kennedy of St. Andrews as a method of curtailing the power of unruly magnates, and ensuring continued Stewart reign. Kennedy was a first cousin through Angus' grandmother, Princess Mary of Scotland, a daughter of King Robert III. During his forfeiture, Angus was surprised at the reluctance of his tenantry to pay their Feus, he made a point of collecting them punctually in person. Angus died in 1446. He was betrothed briefly to Princess Joan, third daughter of King James I , she was twelve years old when he died and was with her sister the Dauphine of France. She later married James Douglas, 1st Earl of Morton, the head of the Douglases of Dalkeith. Angus was succeeded by his brother, George Douglas, 4th Earl of Angus in 1446.

Margaret Stewart, Countess of Angus
Margaret Stewart, Countess of Angus and Mar( died 1417) was Countess of Angus and Lady of Abernethy in her own right. Her father was Thomas Stewart, 2nd Earl of Angus. She was the widow of Thomas, Earl of Mar. By an illicit affair with William Douglas, 1st Earl of Douglas, husband of the Earl of Mar's sister, she became the mother of George Douglas, 1st Earl of Angus( c. 1380- 1403), and secured a charter of her estates for her son, to whom in 1389 the title was granted by King Robert II.

Marion Boyd (mistress)
Margaret Boyd( fl. late 15th century) of Bonshaw, also known as Margot or Marion, was a mistress of King James IV of Scotland, and his first important mistress. They had three children: Alexander, born about 1490, James, who died in childhood, and Catherine, who married James Douglas, 3rd Earl of Morton. She was related to Thomas Boyd, Earl of Arran, and a niece of the second wife of Archibald Douglas, 5th Earl of Angus. Her relationship with the king was linked with the rise and fall of Angus's influence at the court.