So Much: So Much may refer to:

Elvis Presley: Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977), also known mononymously as Elvis, was an American singer and actor. Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the "King of Rock and Roll" or simply "the King". Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee with his family when he was 13 years old. His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African-American music to a wider audience. Presley, on rhythm acoustic guitar, and accompanied by lead guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues. In 1955, drummer D. J. Fontana joined to complete the lineup of Presley's classic quartet and RCA Victor acquired his contract in a deal arranged by Colonel Tom Parker, who would manage him for more than two decades. Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in January 1956 and became a number-one hit in the United States. With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll. His energized interpretations of songs and sexually provocative performance style, combined with a singularly potent mix of influences across color lines during a transformative era in race relations, made him enormously popular—and controversial. In November 1956, Presley made his film debut in "Love Me Tender". Drafted into military service in 1958, Presley relaunched his recording career two years later with some of his most commercially successful work. He held few concerts however, and guided by Parker, proceeded to devote much of the 1960s to making Hollywood films and soundtrack albums, most of them critically derided. In 1968, following a seven-year break from live performances, he returned to the stage in the acclaimed television comeback special "Elvis", which led to an extended Las Vegas concert residency and a string of highly profitable tours. In 1973, Presley gave the first concert by a solo artist to be broadcast around the world, "Aloha from Hawaii". Years of prescription drug abuse severely compromised his health, and he died suddenly in 1977 at his Graceland estate at the age of 42. Presley is the best-selling solo artist in the history of recorded music. He was commercially successful in many genres, including pop, country, blues, and gospel. He won three competitive Grammys, received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award at age 36, and has been inducted into multiple music halls of fame.

Panda (Astro song): " Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

Motherland (disambiguation): Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

Where Was I: " Where Was I?" may refer to:

Place of birth: The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

The Fools' Hall of Fame: The Fools' Hall of Fame is the title of an American song. There has been more than one composition using this title.

O Valencia!: " O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Sarre Anglo-Saxon cemetery: Sarre Anglo- Saxon cemetery is a place of burial that was used in the sixth and seventh centuries CE.

There Is So Much World to See: " There Is So Much World to See" is a film song by Elvis Presley. It was featured in the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer motion picture "Double Trouble" (1967). Elvis performs "There Is So Much World to See" to Jill Conway (Annette Day), while she is sitting on the bed. Presley recorded the song on June 28, 1966 at Radio Recorders, Hollywood. It was released on the soundtrack album "Double Trouble" (RCA Victor LPM 3787 (mono) and RCA Victor LSP 3787 (stereo)) in 1967. MGM producer was Jeffrey Alexander. Sue Moreno has also recorded a version. It was released on the album "Bye Bye Blues" (Jungle Records TCB-3131CD) in 2005.