Moulthun Ly
Moulthun Ly( born 20 November 1991) is an Australian chess player. He was awarded the Grandmaster title by FIDE in 2016 to become Australia's sixth grandmaster( GM). He is the first person born in Cambodia to become an International Master or a Grandmaster.

E (band)
The band" E" was a Czech experimental rock group from Brno, acting between 1984 and 1997. It belongs to wider scope of alternative, underground and post -punk rock musical genres.

Julia Catherine Stimson
Julia Catherine Stimson( May 26, 1881 – September 30, 1948) was an American nurse, credited as one of several persons who brought nursing to the status of a profession.

Dunois Master
The Dunois Master, also called Chief Associate of the Bedford Master was a French manuscript illuminator believed to have been active between about 1430 and about 1465. His name comes from a book of hours made for Jean de Dunois now in the British Library( Yates Thompson MS 3). He worked in association with the Bedford Master, in whose workshop he seems to have served; scholars consider him to be the most talented of the Bedford Master's assistants. He is usually assumed to have taken over the workshop when the Bedford Master ceased to be active, or to have set up his own with some of the artists. His style is characterized by soft modeling of forms, and a fondness for pale colors and shell gold.

Biberach Master
The Biberach Master or Master of the Holy Kinship of Biberach was one of the most important sculptors in wood in Swabia between 1500 and 1530. His works include" The Last Judgement"( Lyon).

Dawn Fraser
Dawn Fraser,( born 4 September 1937) is an Australian freestyle champion swimmer and former politician. She is one of only three swimmers to have won the same Olympic individual event three times – in her case the women's 100- metre freestyle. Within Australia, she is often known for her controversial behaviour and larrikin character as much as for her athletic ability.

Master
Master or masters may refer to:

Past Master
Past Master or past masters may refer to:

Puppet Master
Puppet Master or Puppetmaster may refer to:

Otto Lipmann
Otto Lipmann( 6 March 1880 – 7 October 1933) was a German psychologist, an expert in vocational guidance, and one of the pioneers in the use of counseling for the selection of a profession.