Hawayiz Umm Jurn
Hawayiz Umm Jurn is a Syrian village located in the Subdistrict of the Hama District in the Hama Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics( CBS), Hawayiz Umm al- Jurn had a population of 265 in the 2004 census.

Umm al-Tuyour, Latakia Governorate
Turunç or Umm al- Tuyour is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia on the Mediterranean coast. Nearby localities include Al- Shamiyah and Burj Islam to the south, Ras al- Basit and al- Badrusiyah to the north. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Umm al- Tuyour had a population of 1,101 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly of Turkmen origin.

Umm Al Zubar Al Qibliya
Umm Al Zubar Al Qibliya( also known as Umm Al Zubar West and Umm Al Zubar Al Gharbiya) is a village in Qatar located in the municipality of Al- Shahaniya. Located roughly 30 km away from the capital Doha, it is one of the larger villages in the country, accommodating around 150 Qatari families.

Umm Al Zubar East
Umm Al Zubar East( also known as Umm Al Zubar Al Sharqiya) is a village in Qatar located in the municipality of Al- Shahaniya. Hundreds of people live in the village.

Umm al-'Adam
Umm al -' Adam( also spelled" Umm al-' Izam") is a village in northern Syria located northwest of Homs in the Homs Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Umm al -' Adam had a population of 1,930 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

Billin, Syria
Billin( also spelled Bellin) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located southwest of Hama. Nearby localities include Bisin to the south, al- Muaa to the southeast, Kafr Buhum to the east, al- Rabiaa to the northeast, Umm al- Tuyour to the north, Deir al- Salib to the northwest, Masyaf to the west, al- Bayyadiyah and al- Suwaydah to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Billin had a population of 2,367 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

Sharqliyya
Sharqliyya( also spelled Sharqlieh) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located northwest of Homs. Nearby localities include al- Qabu and al- Shinyah to the west, al- Taybah al- Gharbiyah to the northwest, Taldou to the northeast and Ghur Gharbiyah to the east. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics( CBS), Sharqliyya had a population of 1,362 in the 2004 census. Its current inhabitants are predominantly Alawites and agriculture is the chief source of income for the village.

Umm al-Tuyour, Hama Governorate
Umm al- Tuyour( also spelled Umm al- Tiyur) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama. Nearby localities include Kafr al- Tun to the northeast, Maarzaf to the north, Aqrab to the northwest, Deir al- Salib to the southwest, Billin to the south, al- Rabiaa to the southeast and Tayzin to the east. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics( CBS), Umm al- Tuyour had a population of 2,588 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.

Umm al-Qasab
Umm al- Qasab( also spelled" Umm al- Kasab") is a village in northern Syria located northwest of Homs in the Homs Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Umm al- Qasab had a population of 904 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Turkmens.

Umm al-Amad, Hama
Umm al- Amad is a Syrian village located in the Subdistrict of the Hama District in the Hama Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics( CBS), Umm al- Amad had a population of 202 in the 2004 census.