Beaulieu-sur-Loire
Beaulieu- sur- Loire is a commune in the Loiret department in north -central France. It is also the place of death of Jacques MacDonald, a French general who served in the Napoleonic Wars

Pierre Frieden
Pierre Frieden (28 October 1892 – 23 February 1959) was a Luxembourgish politician and writer. He was the 17th Prime Minister of Luxembourg, serving for eleven months, from 29 March 1958 until his death, on 23 February 1959. He also served as Interior Minister from 1951. Frieden was born in 1892 in Mertert. From 1912 to 1916 he studied philosophy and literature in Luxembourg city and in Freiburg, Zürich, Geneva and Munich. From 1916 he taught secondary school philosophy, Latin and French in Esch-sur-Alzette, from 1919 until 1940 in the Lycée classique de Diekirch, the Athénée de Luxembourg and in the "Cours supérieurs". During the German occupation of Luxembourg in World War II, from 18 September until 4 November 1942 he was interned in Hinzert concentration camp. In 1944, after the liberation of Luxembourg, he became Minister for Education, Culture and Science under Pierre Dupong. From 14 December 1945 to 15 July 1948 he was a member of the Council of State. He returned to his post as Minister for Education, Culture and Science in the government of Joseph Bech, who became Prime Minister after Pierre Dupong's death in 1953. He was also Minister for Families and the Interior. On 29 May 1958 he became Prime Minister. Only a year later, in 1959, he died in Zürich. He was married to Madeleine Kinnen, herself a politician and government minister.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

Georges de Scudéry
Georges de Scudéry( 22 August 1601 – 14 May 1667), the elder brother of Madeleine de Scudéry, was a French novelist, dramatist and poet.

Sennedjem
The Ancient Egyptian artisan Sennedjem lived in Set Maat( translated as" The Place of Truth"), contemporary Deir el- Medina, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Thebes, during the reigns of Seti I and Ramesses II. Sennedjem had the title" Servant in the Place of Truth". He was buried along with his wife, Iyneferti, and family in a tomb in the village necropolis. His tomb was discovered January 31, 1886. When Sennedjem's tomb was found, in it there was regular furniture from his home, including a stool and a bed, which he actually used when he was alive. His titles included Servant in the Place of Truth, meaning that he worked on the excavation and decoration of the nearby royal tombs.

Madeleine Frieden-Kinnen
Madeleine Frieden-Kinnen (4 October 1915 – 8 February 1999) was a Luxembourgian politician. She was the first woman in Luxembourg to become a member of the government. On 3 January 1967, after a government reshuffle, she was appointed State Secretary for Families, Social Solidarity, Youth, Population, Education, and Culture in the Werner-Cravatte Ministry. On 2 February 1969 she became Minister for Families, Youth, Social Solidarity, Health, and Culture in the second Werner-Schaus government. In 1972, she was forced to resign following a public scandal, and withdrew from public life. She was married to the minister Pierre Frieden.

Sandra Felgueiras
Sandra Felgueiras is a Portuguese TV presenter and journalist. She is best known for interviewing Kate and Gerry McCann about the disappearance of Madeleine McCann.

Joseph Medill Patterson Albright
Joseph Medill Patterson Albright (born 1937) is an American businessman and news publisher. He is the former husband of Madeleine Albright.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Place of birth
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.