The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Sea in culture
The role of the sea in culture has been important for centuries, as people experience the sea in contradictory ways: as powerful but serene, beautiful but dangerous. Human responses to the sea can be found in artforms including literature, art, poetry, film, theatre, and classical music. The earliest art representing boats is 40,000 years old. Since then, artists in different countries and cultures have depicted the sea. Symbolically, the sea has been perceived as a hostile environment populated by fantastic creatures: the Leviathan of the Bible, Isonade in Japanese mythology, and the kraken of late Norse mythology. In the works of the psychiatrist Carl Jung, the sea symbolises the personal and the collective unconscious in dream interpretation. The sea and ships have been depicted in art ranging from simple drawings on the walls of huts in Lamu to seascapes by Joseph Turner and Dutch Golden Age painting. The Japanese artist Katsushika Hokusai created colour prints of the moods of the sea, including" The Great Wave off Kanagawa". The sea has appeared in literature since Homer's" Odyssey"( 8th century BC). The sea is a recurring theme in the Haiku poems of the Japanese Edo period poet Matsuo Bashō( 松尾 芭蕉)( 1644 – 1694). The sea plays a major role in Homer's epic poem the" Odyssey", describing the ten- year voyage of the Greek hero Odysseus who struggles to return home across the sea, encountering sea monsters along the way. In the Middle Ages, the sea appears in romances such as the Tristan legend, with motifs such as mythical islands and self- propelled ships. Pilgrimage is a common theme in stories and poems such as" The Book of Margery Kempe". From the Early Modern period, the Atlantic slave trade and penal transportation used the sea to transport people against their will from one continent to another, often permanently, creating strong cultural resonances, while burial at sea has been practised in various ways since the ancient civilisations of Egypt, Greece, and Rome. Contemporary sea-inspired novels have been written by Joseph Conrad, Herman Wouk, and Herman Melville; poems about the sea have been written by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Rudyard Kipling and John Masefield. The sea has inspired much music over the centuries including sea shanties, Richard Wagner's" The Flying Dutchman", Claude Debussy's" La mer"( 1903 – 05), Charles Villiers Stanford's" Songs of the Sea"( 1904) and" Songs of the Fleet"( 1910), Edward Elgar's" Sea Pictures"( 1899) and Ralph Vaughan Williams'" A Sea Symphony"( 1903 – 1909).

The Sea
The Sea may refer to:

Drugstore Cowboy
Drugstore Cowboy is a 1989 American crime drama film directed by the American filmmaker Gus Van Sant. Written by Van Sant and Daniel Yost, and based on an autobiographical novel by James Fogle, the film stars Matt Dillon, Kelly Lynch, Heather Graham and William S. Burroughs. It was Van Sant's second film as director. At the time the film was made, the source novel by Fogle was unpublished. It was later published in 1990, by which time Fogle had been released from prison. Fogle, like the characters in his story, was a long- time drug user and dealer. The film was a critical success and currently holds a 100% rating at Rotten Tomatoes, with an average score of 8/10 based on 27 reviews.

Berlin Sonnenallee station
Sonnenallee is a railway station in the Neukölln district of Berlin. It is served by the S- Bahn lines and and is located at the southeastern end of the major street of the same name, about which a film was produced in 1999.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

When the Sea Rises
When the Sea Rises is a 2004 French- Belgian romantic comedy film directed by Yolande Moreau and Gilles Porte. It was Moreau's directorial debut.

By the Sea
By the Sea may refer to:

Cowboy (disambiguation)
A cowboy is a professional pastoralist or mounted livestock herder, usually from the Americas or Australia.
Cowboy(s) or The Cowboy(s) may also refer to:

Where or When (film)
Where or When is a 2003 film by Iranian film director Bahman Pour- Azar. He co-wrote the film script with Jun Kim over seven years, but shot the entire movie in less than a week at various locations in both New York and New Jersey. The film was produced for less than US$ 50,000. The 85- minute feature was inspired by the 1959 French classic" Hiroshima Mon Amour" directed by Alain Resnais and contains the classic show tune from the 1937 Rodgers and Hart musical" Babes In Arms Where Or When". " Where Or When" stars Mitchell Conwell, Shelly DeChristofaro, Jun Kim, and Carl Monego.