Release Me (Oh Laura song)
" Release Me" is a song made by the Swedish indie pop group Oh Laura, released as a single in 2007. The single is first off in Oh Laura's debut album," A Song Inside My Head, a Demon in My Bed". " Oh Laura" won the Sopot International Song Festival in 2008 with the song.

Trina Broussard
Katrina Broussard( born October 8, 1969) is an R&B singer and songwriter. Trina Broussard began her career in 1997 when she covered Minnie Riperton's song" Inside My Love". A year later in 1998, Broussard signed a recording contract with Jermaine Dupri's label So So Def, leaving later after her first album was stalled. In 2002, Broussard released her first album" Inside My Love" on Motown/ Universal Records, with singles" Sailing" and" Love You So Much". In 2004, Broussard released her single" Dreaming of One" as the lead single from her second album," Same Girl". The album's release was later followed by the release of two additional singles" Losing My Mind" and'" Joy". In 2009, Broussard returned to music industry and embark on a short promo tour. Announced by Broussard, her third studio album" Life of a Libra" would be released in 2010.

Alex Love
Alex Love( born June 2, 1989) is an American boxer in the flyweight class.

Jordan Love
Jordan Love( born November 2, 1998) is an American football quarterback for the Utah State Aggies.

Jason Love (footballer)
Jason Love( born 3 December 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League( AFL).

Pamela Love
Pamela Love( born 1982) is an American jewelry designer based in New York City.

Judi Love
Judi Love( born 4 June 1980) is an English stand- up comedian and radio presenter.

Minnie Riperton
Minnie Julia Riperton-Rudolph (November 8, 1947 – July 12, 1979) was an American singer-songwriter best known for her 1975 single "Lovin' You" and her five-octave coloratura soprano range. She is also widely known for her use of the whistle register and has been referred to by the media as the "Queen of the whistle register". Born in 1947, Riperton grew up in Chicago's Bronzeville neighborhood on the South Side. As a child, she studied music, drama and dance at Chicago's Lincoln Center. In her teen years, she sang lead vocals for the Chicago-based girl group the Gems. Her early affiliation with the legendary Chicago-based Chess Records afforded her the opportunity to sing backup for various established artists such as Etta James, Fontella Bass, Ramsey Lewis, Bo Diddley, Chuck Berry and Muddy Waters. While at Chess, Riperton also sang lead for the experimental rock/soul group Rotary Connection, from 1967 to 1971. On April 5, 1975, Riperton reached the apex of her career with her No. 1 single "Lovin' You". The single was the last release from her 1974 gold album titled "Perfect Angel". In January 1976, Riperton was diagnosed with breast cancer and, in April, she underwent a radical mastectomy. By the time of diagnosis, the cancer had metastasized and she was given about six months to live. Despite the grim prognosis, she continued recording and touring. She was one of the first celebrities to go public with her breast cancer diagnosis but did not disclose she was terminally ill. In 1977, she became a spokesperson for the American Cancer Society. In 1978, she received the American Cancer Society's Courage Award, which was presented to her at the White House by President Jimmy Carter. Riperton died of cancer on July 12, 1979 at age 31.

You Are the Song (Inside of Me)
" You Are the Song( Inside of Me)" is a single by American country music artist Freddie Hart. Released in January 1976, it was the third single from his album" The First Time". The song peaked at number 11 on the" Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the" RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

Inside My Love
"Inside My Love" is a 1975 single by Minnie Riperton from her album "Adventures in Paradise". It was co-written by Riperton, Leon Ware and Richard Rudolph.