Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

The Job (police newspaper)
The Job is the official newspaper of London's Metropolitan Police Service. The newspaper was first published on 11 November 1967 and was initially published by the Public Relations Department of the Metropolitan Police. Up until March 2006, the paper was published every two weeks by Trident Communications, on behalf of the Metropolitan Police. In 2006, the contract to publish "The Job" was won by Square One Publishing. It is now a free monthly magazine primarily intended for officers and police staff.

Metropolitan Police Service
The Metropolitan Police Service (MPS), formerly and still commonly known as the Metropolitan Police and informally as the Met, Scotland Yard or "the Yard", is the territorial police force responsible for law enforcement in the Metropolitan Police District, which currently consists of the 32 London boroughs. The MPD does not include the "square mile" of the City of London, which is policed by the much smaller City of London Police. The Met also has significant national responsibilities, such as co-ordinating and leading on UK-wide national counter-terrorism matters and protecting the Royal Family, certain members of Her Majesty's Government and others as deemed appropriate. As the police force for the capital, the Met has significant unique responsibilities and challenges within its police area, such as protecting 164 foreign embassies and High Commissions, policing Heathrow Airport (the busiest airport in Europe), policing and protecting the Palace of Westminster, and dealing with significantly more protests and events than any other force in the country (3,500 such events in 2016). As of March 2018, the Met had 40,327 full-time personnel. This included 30,390 police officers, 8,027 police staff, 1,315 police community support officers and 595 designated officers. This number excludes the 1,731 special constables, who work voluntarily part-time (a minimum of 16 hours a month) and who have the same powers and uniform as their regular colleagues. This makes the Metropolitan Police, in terms of officer numbers, the largest police force in the United Kingdom by a significant margin, and one of the biggest in the world. In terms of its police area (primary geographic area of responsibility), leaving its national responsibilities aside, the Met has the eighth-smallest police area of the territorial police forces in the United Kingdom. The overall operational leader of the force is the Commissioner, whose formal title is Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis. The Commissioner is answerable, responsible and accountable to the Queen, the Home Office and the Mayor of London, through the Mayor's Office for Policing and Crime. The post of Commissioner was first held jointly by Sir Charles Rowan and Sir Richard Mayne. Cressida Dick was appointed Commissioner in April 2017. A number of informal names and abbreviations are applied to the Metropolitan Police Service, the most common being "the Met". In colloquial London (or Cockney slang), it is sometimes referred to as the "Old Bill". The Met is also referred to as Scotland Yard after the location of its original headquarters in a road called Great Scotland Yard in Whitehall. The Met's current headquarters is New Scotland Yard, situated on the Victoria Embankment.

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

On the Job
On the Job may refer to:

Trafika
Trafika was an international literary magazine edited in Prague, Czech Republic and New York City between 1993 and 1999. " Trafika" was a printed journal that published the poetry and prose of emerging and established authors, with an emphasis on introducing the work of writers who were unknown or little known to English- language readers. In seven issues, Trafika published the work of over 120 authors writing in more than 30 languages. In addition to original literary texts and translations( into English)," Trafika" featured conversations with writers, including Miroslav Holub, Arnošt Lustig, György Konrád, Paul Bowles, and Tomaž Šalamun.

Arthur McKee
Arthur McKee( 14 August 1863 – 9 March 1943) was a New Zealand newspaper proprietor, photo-engraver and printer, land agent, businessman, orchardist. He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, England on 14 August 1863. He was one of the directors behind the company that published" The Cyclopedia of New Zealand".

Pariah Press
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role- playing game.

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.