Mabel's Latest Prank: Mabel's Latest Prank is a 1914 film both starring and co-directed by Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett.

Alsino and the Condor: Alsino and the Condor is a 1982 Nicaraguan film directed by Chilean filmmaker Miguel Littín. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film. It won the Golden Prize at the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. The film was a co-production between Nicaragua, Mexico and Cuba. The film is loosely based on the novel" Alsino" by Chilean writer Pedro Prado. It was the comeback film of actor Dean Stockwell. Notable Cuban director of photography Jorge Herrera died during the production due to a brain hemorrhage.

Cold Breath: Cold Breath is a 2017 film by Abbas Raziji.

The Legend of the Condor Heroes (disambiguation): The Legend of the Condor Heroes may refer to:

Nils-Eric Gustafsson: Nils- Eric Gustafsson( December 30, 1922 – 2017) was a Swedish politician and a member of the Centre Party.

1922 (2017 film): 1922 is a 2017 American horror drama film written and directed by Zak Hilditch, based on Stephen King's novella of the same name. Starring Thomas Jane, Neal McDonough, and Molly Parker, the film was released on Netflix on October 20, 2017.

The Legend of the Condor Heroes: The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong (Louis Cha). It is the first part of the "Condor Trilogy" and is followed by "The Return of the Condor Heroes" and "The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber". It was first serialised between 1 January 1957 and 19 May 1959 in "Hong Kong Commercial Daily". Jin Yong revised the novel twice, first in the 1970s and later in the 2000s. The English title is imprecise since neither species of the condor, the Andean condor and Californian condor, is native to China. In February 2018, a translation of the first volume (out of four) was published with the title "A Hero Born".

Six Days of the Condor: Six Days of the Condor is a thriller novel by American author James Grady, first published in 1974 by W.W. Norton. The story is a suspense drama set in contemporary Washington, D.C., and is considerably different from the 1975 film version," Three Days of the Condor". It was followed by a second novel by Grady titled" Shadow of the Condor", released in 1978. Two more sequels," Last Days of the Condor" and" Next Day of the Condor" came out in 2014 and 2015 respectively.

Boeing Condor: The Boeing Condor is a high- tech test bed aerial reconnaissance unmanned aerial vehicle. It has a wingspan of over 200 feet. Carbon- fibre composite materials make up the bulk of the Condor's fuselage and wings. Although the Condor has a relatively low radar cross-section and infrared signature, it is not unobservable making it too vulnerable for use in military operations. The Condor is completely robotic, with an onboard computer to communicate with the computers on the ground via satellite to control all facets of the Condor's missions. The Condor's frame is made of mainly Carbon- fiber- reinforced polymer composite, as it gives off very low radar and heat signatures. In 1989, the Condor set the world piston- powered aircraft altitude record of and was the first aircraft to fly a fully automated flight from takeoff to landing and also setting an unofficial endurance world record in 1988 by flying continuously for more than 50 hours; the flight was not ratified by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale( FAI) and is therefore not considered an official record. During its evaluations, the Condor logged over 300 flight hours, flying over Moses Lake, Washington.

Miguel Littín: Miguel Ernesto Littin Cucumides( born 9 August 1942) is a Chilean film director, screenwriter, film producer and novelist. He was born to a Palestinian father, Hernán Littin and a Greek mother, Cristina Cucumides. Miguel Littin directed the most popular Chilean film of all time," El Chacal de Nahueltoro"( 1969) becoming a figure of the New Latin American Cinema. Littin was exiled in México shortly after Augusto Pinochet came to power in a military coup, which ousted the democratically elected socialist president Salvador Allende, on September 11, 1973. His 1973 film" The Promised Land" was entered into the Cannes Film Festival, New York film festival and the 8th Moscow International Film Festival. In México he directed several films: Then he went to Nicaragua to make Alsino and the Condor, based on the novel" Alsino" by Pedro Prado. In 1981 he was a member of the jury at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival. After moving to Spain in 1984, Littin decided to enter Chile clandestinely to make a documentary that showed the condition of the country under the Pinochet regime. It was made the subject of Nobel Laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez's book. He eventually returned to Chile where he continued to make films, among them" Tierra del Fuego", based on the adventures of explorer Julius Popper; and" Dawson, Isla 10", about a group of political prisoners sent to Dawson's Island during Pinochet's regime. Littin was the mayor of his home town in the center valley, Palmilla in 1992- 94 and re-elected for the period 1996- 2000. His films" Actas de Marusia" and" Alsino and the Condor" were nominated by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for Best Film in a Foreign Language. " Alsino and the Condor" won the Golden Prize at the 13th Moscow International Film Festival. His 2005 film" The Last Moon" was entered into the 27th Moscow International Film Festival.