Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gotfrid Köchert
Gotfrid( or Gottfried) Köchert( 22 March 1918 – 6 November 1986) was an Austrian former Nazi soldier who went on to become a yacht racer after World War II, and competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Godefroy Wendelin
Govaert Wendelen, Latinized Godefridus Wendelinus, or sometimes Vendelinus( 6 June 1580 – 24 October 1667) was a Flemish astronomer. His first name is variously given as Godefroy, Godefroid or Gottfried, his surname as Wendelin. The crater Vendelinus on the Moon is named after him.

Mignon McLaughlin
Mignon McLaughlin( June 6, 1913 – December 20, 1983) was an American journalist and author.

Godfried Schalcken
Godfried Schalcken or" Gottfried Schalken"( 1643 – 16 November 1706) was a Dutch genre and portrait painter. He was noted for his mastery in reproducing the effect of candlelight, and painted in the exquisite and highly polished manner of the Leiden fijnschilders.

John Laughlin (actor)
John Laughlin( born April 3, 1956), sometimes credited as John C. McLaughlin or John McLaughlin, is an American film and television actor.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Gottfried Baist
Gottfried Baist (Ulfa (today part of Nidda), 28 February 1853 - Freiburg im Breisgau, 22 October 1920) was a German Hispanist and Romance studies scholar.