Morning
Morning is the period of time from sunrise to noon. There are no exact times for when morning begins( also true for evening and night) because it can vary according to one's lifestyle and the hours of daylight at each time of year. However, morning strictly ends at noon, which is when afternoon starts. Morning can be defined as starting from midnight to noon, or from sunrise( which varies throughout the year) to noon, or from when one wakes up to noon. Morning precedes afternoon, evening, and night in the sequence of a day. Originally, the term referred to sunrise.

Polly of the Movies
Polly of the Movies is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Jason Robards, Gertrude Short and Corliss Palmer. It is loosely based on Harry Leon Wilson's 1922 novel" Merton of the Movies" and its various film adaptations.

Seven Days to Noon
Seven Days to Noon is a 1950 British drama/ thriller film directed by John and Roy Boulting. Based on the book," Un Nazi en Manhattan", written by Fernando Josseau, Paul Dehn and James Bernard won the Academy Award for Best Story for this film.

Seven Days' Leave (1942 film)
Seven Days' Leave is a 1942 musical comedy about a soldier( Victor Mature) who has seven days to marry an heiress( Lucille Ball) in order to inherit$ 100,000.

High Treason (1951 film)
High Treason is a 1951 British espionage thriller. It is a sequel to the film" Seven Days to Noon"( 1950) from the same team. Director Roy Boulting, co-director( with his brother John) and co-writer of the first film also directed and co-wrote this one. Frank Harvey, Boulting's co-writer, was also a co-writer of the earlier film. André Morell reprises his role as Detective Superintendent Folland of Scotland Yard's Special Branch from the first film, though in" High Treason" he is subordinate to the head of Special Branch, Commander Robert" Robbie" Brennan, played by Liam Redmond.

Days to Come
Days to Come or The Days to Come may refer to:

At the Movies
At the Movies may refer to:

The Muppets Go to the Movies
The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".

Seven Days (1925 film)
Seven Days is a 1925 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Sidney and starring Lillian Rich, Creighton Hale and Lilyan Tashman. It is an adaptation of the 1909 play" Seven Days".

The Holding
The Holding is a 2011 British thriller film directed by Susan Jacobson. It was filmed in 2010 the Peak District in Derbyshire just outside the village of Longnor, and stars Kierston Wareing, Vincent Regan and David Bradley. It is written by James Dormer and is produced by Alex Boden, George Mizen and Terry Stone.