Kyōen Kobanzame: There are two parts of the film: the first part and the second part. Both parts have the same staff and the same actors.

Trade Register: Trade registers in several countries have the same English name:

David Ji: David Longfen Ji is an American businessman who co-founded Apex Digital, an electronics manufacturer. In 2004, he was arrested in China following a dispute with Sichuan Changhong Electric, a supplier owned by the city of Mianyang and the province of Sichuan. Changhong accused him of defrauding them through bad checks. Ji was taken, according to an account by his lawyer, to the senior management and told, "I decide whether you live or die." He has been held in China without charges. Ji's case highlighted an "implicit racism" in dealings with American businessmen. As a U.S. citizen he was not granted the same treatment by authorities as non-ethnically Chinese businessmen sharing the same nationality.

John Agoglia: John Joseph Agoglia (September 24, 1937 – March 14, 2014) was an American television executive noted for his work at NBC from 1980 to 1998, including a tenure as President of NBC Enterprises. He was considered one of the network's top negotiators, often heading complicated negotiations between NBC and producers, actors and television studios. Agoglia was instrumental in the decision to replace Johnny Carson, the departing host of "The Tonight Show", with Jay Leno in 1992. Agoglia was born in Brooklyn, New York. His career began at Barclays Bank, before switching to the television industry. He worked as an executive at CBS for sixteen years before joining rival NBC in 1980. Agoglia moved to southern California permanently when he took the position at NBC. Agoglia worked directly under a string of well-known Presidents of NBC Entertainment and other executives, including Brandon Tartikoff, Warren Littlefield and Don Ohlmeyer. He earned a reputation as one of the network's toughest dealmakers. Agoglia led the often drawn-out negotiations with outside television studios and on-air talent. For example, Agoglia hammered out a deal with Paramount Studios for the renewal of "Cheers". He also negotiated the agreement to retain three cast members of Seinfeld - Jason Alexander, Julia Louis-Dreyfus, and Michael Richards - when each actor was demanding one million dollars per episode at the peak of the show's popularity. Agoglia played a significant role in the decision by NBC to name Jay Leno as the host of "The Tonight Show" over David Letterman in 1992. The move sparked controversy, as Letterman jumped to CBS after Leno's appointment. Agoglia's role in choosing Leno as Johnny Carson's successor was noted in the 1994 book, "The Late Shift", by "New York Times" journalist, Bill Carter. An HBO film adaptation of the book, "The Late Shift", aired in 1996. Agoglia was portrayed by actor Reni Santoni in the film. Agoglia led a multi-network 1993 boycott of the Emmy Awards, following a decision by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences to air the awards exclusively on ABC. The Emmys had previously broadcast on the television networks on a rotating basis. Agoglia denounced the exclusivity agreement between ABC and the Emmys as "bizarre at best" and retaliated by boycott all Academy events, including the Primetime Emmy Awards. The Academy and the Emmys, under pressure from Agoglia's boycott, eventually relented and cancelled the deal with ABC. The Emmys returned to the previous agreement, in which the award show was broadcast on each of the four broadcast networks on a rotating basic each year. Agoglia rejoined the executive committee of the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences in 1994 after the deal with ABC was ended. On June 17, 1997, Agoglia announced his decision to retire from NBC. He left NBC in 1998 after eighteen years with the network. During his retirement Agoglia launched a Media Consulting firm; served as President of the Board of LAX Airport Commission; Served on board of directors of KCET Los Angeles; and was board chairman of the Los Angeles Universal Preschool Program. John Agoglia died on March 14, 2014, at the age of 76 following a three-year illness with cancer. He was survived by his sons, Anthony and John Steven, three grandchildren, and his brother, Thomas Agoglia. His wife, Joanne Agoglia, died in 2010.

Café International: Café International is a 1989 board game created by It is a simple game for 2 to 4 players in which the players take on the role of waiters in the famous "Cafe International". Their goal is to seat customers of various nationalities with other customers from the same nationality, and also to keep the numbers of men and ladies at the tables even. Café International won the Spiel des Jahres award in 1989.

John E. Toews: John E. Toews is a Canadian historian in the U.S., and Director of the Comparative History of Ideas Program, University of Washington from 1981 to 2010. He graduated from Harvard University, with a Ph.D. in 1973.

Maqamat: Maqamat may have the following meanings.

Horam (disambiguation): Horam may have the following meanings

List of people named O'Grady: A number of notable people have the O' Grady:

James Robertson (psychoanalyst): James Robertson( 1911–1988) was a psychiatric social worker and psychoanalyst based at the Tavistock Clinic and Institute, London from 1948 until 1976. '( He) was a remarkable person who achieved great things. His sensitive observations and brilliant observations made history, and the courage with which he disseminated – often in the face of ignorant and prejudiced criticism – what were then very unpopular findings, was legendary. He will always be remembered as the man who revolutionised children's hospitals, though he accomplished much else besides. I am personally deeply grateful for all that he did.' – John Bowlby.