The Cry of Jazz
The Cry of Jazz is a 1959 documentary film by Edward O. Bland that connects jazz to African American history. It uses footage of Chicago's black neighborhoods and performances by Sun Ra, John Gilmore, and Julian Priester interspersed with scenes of musicians and intellectuals, both black and white, conversing at a jazz club. It has been credited as being an early example of the Black pride movement and with predicting the urban riots of the 1960s and 70s, and has also been called the first Hip- Hop film. In 2010, this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being" culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". The Library of Congress had this to say of the film and its significance:" Cry of Jazz" ... is now recognized as an early and influential example of African- American independent filmmaking. Director Ed Bland, with the help of more than 60 volunteer crew members, intercuts scenes of life in Chicago ’s black neighborhoods with interviews of interracial artists and intellectuals. " Cry of Jazz" argues that black life in America shares a structural identity with jazz music. With performance clips by the jazz composer, bandleader and pianist Sun Ra and his Arkestra, the film demonstrates the unifying tension between rehearsed and improvised jazz. " Cry of Jazz" is a historic and fascinating film that comments on racism and the appropriation of jazz by those who fail to understand its artistic and cultural origins.

The Cry of the Owl (1987 film)
The Cry of the Owl (Original: "Le cri du hibou") is a 1987 French-Italian psychological thriller film, adapted from the 1962 novel "The Cry of the Owl" by Patricia Highsmith. The film was directed by Claude Chabrol and stars Christophe Malavoy, Mathilda May and Virginie Thévenet. Divorced illustrator Robert spies on a young woman named Juliette who he envies for her seemingly happy life. When they finally meet and Juliette leaves her fiancé Patrick for Robert, the situation quickly escalates.

Cry of the Black Wolves
The Cry of the Black Wolves is a 1972 West German western adventure film directed by Harald Reinl and starring Ron Ely, Raimund Harmstorf and Gila von Weitershausen. The film's sets were designed by the art director Rolf Zehetbauer. Location shooting took place in Austrian Tyrol.

The Cry of the Weak
The Cry of the Weak is a lost silent film drama directed by George Fitzmaurice, scripted by Ouida Bergère and starring Fannie Ward. Astra Films produced and Pathé Exchange distributed.

Raja Rani (2013 film)
Raja Rani is a 2013 Indian Tamil- language romantic comedy- drama film directed by Atlee in his directorial debut. Produced by AR Murugadoss, the film features Arya, Jai, Nayanthara and Nazriya Nazim in the lead roles while Sathyaraj, Santhanam and Sathyan appear in supporting roles. The film released on 27 September 2013, and received positive reviews upon release. The Telugu dubbed version has the same title and was released on 14 March 2014. It was remade in Bengali as" Shudhu Tomari Jonyo" in 2015 and was remade in Odia as" Tu Je Sei" in 2016.

The Cry of the Owl (disambiguation)
" The Cry of the Owl" is a 1962 novel by Patricia Highsmith. The Cry of the Owl may also refer to:

The Cry of Reason
The Cry of Reason: Beyers Naude – An Afrikaner Speaks Out is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Robert Bilheimer. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

Tu Je Sei
Tu Je Sei is a 2016 Indian Odia- language drama film directed by Ashok Pati. It stars Riya Dey, Shital Patra and Babushan in lead roles. The movie is a remake of 2013 Tamil movie" Raja Rani".

¡Viva México! (El grito de Dolores)
¡ Viva México!- Alma insurgente, El grito de Dolores(" Viva Mexico! ( The Cry of Delores)") is a 1934 Mexican film about the events that caused the Mexican War of Independence. It stars Sara García.

Mexicanos, al grito de guerra (film)
Mexicanos, al grito de guerra( English: Mexicans, to the Cry of War) is a 1943 historical drama movie produced in Mexico starring Pedro Infante. The main story revolves around a soldier, a woman, love and an impending war.