Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Merle Tottenham
Merle Tottenham( 22 January 1901 – 18 July 1958) was a British stage and film actress. Her stage work included the original West End production of Noël Coward's" Cavalcade" in 1931; and she reprised her role as Annie the servant in the subsequent Hollywood film, in 1933. She also appeared as Dora, the maid in" Night Must Fall"( 1937) with Robert Montgomery and Rosalind Russell, and the film version of Coward's" This Happy Breed"( 1944), as Edie, the maid.

Heyran Khanim
Heyran Khanim was an Azerbaijani poet who lived in the first half of the 19th century.

Charles L. Biedenbach
Charles L. Biedenbach( January 13, 1865 – September 15, 1942) has been called the father of junior high schools for his advocacy of separating younger from older kids in high school settings. For this advocacy he was well known in the educational circles of California in the early 1900s, and his leadership on this issue led to many significant offices.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.