George S. Patton Sr.
Col. George Patton Sr. (June 26, 1833 – September 25, 1864) was a Confederate colonel during the American Civil War. He was the grandfather of World War II general George S. Patton. George Patton was also the great grandfather to Major General George Smith Patton, Who died in 2004

John Sparks Patton
John Sparks Patton, Sr.( September 23, 1894 – October 30, 1961), was a Louisiana politician and teacher who was an early advocate of taxpayer- funded school textbooks and a member of the Long faction of his state's Democratic Party.

Catherine Exley
Catherine Exley was the wife of a soldier and accompanied her husband when he served in Portugal, Spain and Ireland during the Napoleonic Wars. She is best known as the author of a diary that gives an account of military life in that era from the viewpoint of the wife of a common soldier.

Artaynte
Artaynte( f. 478 BC), was the wife of the Crown Prince Darius.

George S. Patton (attorney)
George Smith Patton (September 30, 1856 – June 10, 1927) was an American attorney, businessman and politician who served as Los Angeles County District Attorney and the first mayor of San Marino, California. Patton was the son of Susan Thornton Glassell and George S. Patton Sr., a Confederate colonel during the American Civil War. His mother moved to California after his father was killed during the war, and Patton was educated in Los Angeles. He returned to Virginia to attend Virginia Military Institute, from which he graduated in 1877. After studying law at his uncle's firm, he was admitted to the bar and practiced in Los Angeles. He served in local offices including school board member and was county district attorney in 1887. Patton married the daughter of Benjamin Davis Wilson, one of California's wealthiest men, and moved with his family to a San Gabriel estate called Lake Vineyard. He was active in politics as a Democrat and made unsuccessful races for Congress in 1894 and 1896. When San Marino was incorporated as a city separate from San Gabriel, he was elected San Marino's first mayor, a post he held from 1913 to 1922 and 1922 to 1924. In 1916 he was the unsuccessful Democratic nominee for U.S. Senator. A longtime friend of Henry E. Huntington, in 1902 Patton became an executive in Huntington's real estate development company, and played a major role in developing the San Gabriel Valley and other areas of southern California. He died in San Marino in 1927, and was buried at San Gabriel Cemetery in San Gabriel. Patton was the father of two children, including General George S. Patton.

Eunoë (wife of Bogudes)
Eunoë was the wife of Bogudes, King of Mauretania.

Empress Shōken
, also known as, was the wife of Emperor Meiji of Japan.

Princess Augusta of Hesse-Kassel
Princess Augusta of Hesse- Kassel ( Auguste Wilhelmine Luise; 25 July 1797 – 6 April 1889) was the wife of Prince Adolphus, Duke of Cambridge, the tenth- born child, and seventh son, of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg- Strelitz. The longest- lived daughter- in- law of George III, she was the maternal grandmother of Mary of Teck, wife of George V.

Éléonore Desmier d'Olbreuse
Éléonore Marie Desmier d'Olbreuse (3 January 1639 – 5 February 1722) was the wife of George William, Duke of Lauenburg and Prince of Celle. She was the mother of Sophia Dorothea of Celle, who was the wife of George I of Great Britain. Thus she is the maternal grandmother of George II.

Agatha (wife of Samuel of Bulgaria)
Agatha was the wife of Emperor Samuel of Bulgaria.