David Ji: David Longfen Ji is an American businessman who co-founded Apex Digital, an electronics manufacturer. In 2004, he was arrested in China following a dispute with Sichuan Changhong Electric, a supplier owned by the city of Mianyang and the province of Sichuan. Changhong accused him of defrauding them through bad checks. Ji was taken, according to an account by his lawyer, to the senior management and told, "I decide whether you live or die." He has been held in China without charges. Ji's case highlighted an "implicit racism" in dealings with American businessmen. As a U.S. citizen he was not granted the same treatment by authorities as non-ethnically Chinese businessmen sharing the same nationality.

Rhescuporis II: Rhescuporis II was king of half of the Odrysian kingdom of Thrace from 12 to 18, in succession to his brother Rhoemetalces I, and briefly ruler of the entire realm thereafter, usurping the other half from nephew Cotys VIII. He was a son of the earlier Thracian king Cotys VI and the younger brother of kings Cotys VII and Rhoemetalces I. The Roman Historian Tacitus describes his character as "treacherous". On the death of Rhoemetalces, Emperor Augustus divided Thrace into two separate kingdoms, one half for Cotys VIII to rule and the other half for Rhescuporis II. Tacitus states that Cotys received the cultivated parts, most towns and most Greek cities of Thrace, while Rhescuporis received the wild and savage portion with enemies on its frontier. Rhescuporis wanted to annex Cotys’ kingdom, but was prevented from doing so from fear of Augustus. Augustus' death in 14 emboldened him, and he initiated efforts to obtain the remainder of Thrace, at first by negotiation, but afterwards, when Cotys proved resistant, by treachery. Inviting his nephew to a banquet to falsely ratify a treaty between them, he arrested and imprisoned Cotys, seizing his kingdom. Cotys died while incarcerated in 18, allegedly by suicide. His wife and children fled Thrace to Cyzicus to escape Rhescuporis. The Roman Emperor Tiberius opened an investigation into Cotys’ death, putting Rhescuporis on trial in the Roman Senate. He invited Cotys' widow Tryphaena to testify at the trial, during which she accused the defendant of murdering her husband. Rhescuporis was found guilty, and Tiberius sent him to live in exile in Alexandria, Egypt. En route, Rhescuporis tried to escape and was killed by Roman soldiers. His son, who would later rule Thrace as Rhoemetalces III, was spared by Tiberius and allowed to return to Thrace. In the meantime Tiberius returned the whole Thracian Kingdom to Tryphaena and appointed Rhoemetalces II, her eldest child with Cotys, as coruler.

Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis IV: Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis IV, also known as Rhescuporis IV( flourished 3rd century – died 235) was a prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom. Rhescuporis IV was the second born son to the Bosporan King Cotys III and his mother was an unnamed Sarmatian noble woman. He was of Greek, Iranian and Roman ancestry. He had two brothers: one oldest called Sauromates III and a younger called Ininthimeus. Rhescuporis IV was named in honor of his paternal uncle previous Bosporan King Rhescuporis II and his paternal cousin, previous Bosporan King Rhescuporis III, who co-ruled with his father, Rhescuporis II. Rhescuporis IV in 233 succeeded Sauromates III after his death. His first brother was first co-ruler in the reign of their father Cotys III. Rhescuporis IV was co-ruler with Cotys III, until he died in 235. His royal title on coins is in Greek:" ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ ΡΗΣΚΟΥΠΟΡΙΔΟΣ" or" of King Rhescuporis". Rhescuporis IV was a contemporary to the rule of the Roman Emperor Alexander Severus. Little is known of the life and reign of Rhescuporis IV. In 235, Rhescuporis IV was succeeded by his brother Ininthimeus.

Paula E. Downing: Paula Elaine Downing King( December 8, 1951- December 17, 2017), who wrote as Paula E. Downing, Paula King, Paula Downing King and P. K. McAllister, was an American science fiction writer. She published eight SF novels between 1990 and 1996. Her" Cloudships of Orion" trilogy of space operas features an itinerant family of Gypsies who travel through the galaxy in their spaceship in search of resources to mine.

Hüma Hatun: Hüma Hatun (1410 ‒ September 1449) was the fourth wife of Ottoman Sultan Murad II and mother of Mehmed II and the grandmother of Bayezid II.

Rhoemetalces I: Rhoemetalces I was king of the Odrysian kingdom of Thrace from 12 BC to 12 AD, in succession to his nephew Rhescuporis I. Rhoemetalces I was a loyal ally to the first Roman Emperor Augustus. He was a direct descendant of the Thracian King Cotys I, and the middle son of the earlier Thracian king Cotys IV. His younger brother was Rhescuporis II. When Cotys VII died about 48 BC Rhoemetalces became the guardian of his nephew Rhescuporis I, his brother's young son and heir. Rhescuporis I died in 13 BC, when he was defeated and slain in battle by Vologases, chief of the Thracian Bessi, who was a leader in the revolt against the Romans in that year. During this revolt Rhoemetalces and his family fled Thrace, returning only when it ended, when Augustus returned the kingdom to his family. As Rhescuporis I had left no heir, Rhoemetalces became King of Thrace in 12 BC. The Roman Historian Tacitus, describes him as ‘ attractive and civilized ’. His wife and the mother of his heir, known only through numismatic evidence, was Queen Pythodoris[ I]. Rhoemetalces I ruled Thrace until his death in 12. Augustus then divided his realm into two separate kingdoms, one half for his son Cotys VIII to rule and the other half for Rhoemetalces's remaining brother Rhescuporis II. Tacitus states that Cotys received the cultivated parts, most towns and most Greek cities of Thrace, while Rhescuporis received the wild and savage portion with enemies on its frontier.

Rhoemetalces II: Rhoemetalces II was a Client Ruler in association with his mother Antonia Tryphaena of the Odrysian kingdom of Thrace under the Romans from 18 to 38. On coinage his royal title is in Greek: ΒΑΣΙΛΕΥΣ ΡΟΙΜΗΤΑΛΚΑΣ or of King Rhoemetalces. Rhoemetalces II and Tryphaena succeeded his paternal great- uncle Rhescuporis II, who had usurped the throne from Rhoemetalces II's father Cotys VIII. The Roman Emperor Tiberius deposed Rhescuporis II and installed Rhoemetalces II and Tryphaena on the throne in his place. They served as loyal client rulers, even in 26 putting down Thracian malcontents for Tiberius. Rhoemetalces II never married and had no children. After his death in 38, his cousin Rhoemetalces III, the son of Rhescuporis II, was appointed king, while his mother retired to live as a private citizen in Cyzicus.

Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis III: Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis III Philocaesar Philoromaios Eusebes, also known as Rhescuporis III(" Philocaesar Philoromaios Eusebes", means" lover of Caesar, lover of Rome who is the Pius one", flourished 3rd century – died 227) was a prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom. Rhescuporis III was the son and heir of Bosporan King Rhescuporis II by an unnamed woman and was of Greek, Iranian and Roman ancestry. In 210/211 the paternal grandfather of Rhescuporis III, King Sauromates II died, Rhescuporis III succeeded with his father Rhescuporis II. Rhescuporis III co-ruled with his father as Bosporan Kings until their deaths in 227. His royal title on coins is in Greek:" ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ ΡΗΣΚΟΥΠΟΡΙΔΟΣ" or" King Rhescuporis". In 221, in the seaport city located in the Black Sea called Amastris( modern Amasra) there was an honorific inscription dedicated to Rhescuporis III. The inscription describes Rhescuporis III as: He was a contemporary to the rule of the Roman Emperors Caracalla, Macrinus, Elagabalus and Alexander Severus. Little is known of the life and reign of Rhescuporis III. In the year he and his father died, they were succeeded by Cotys III, a brother of Rhescuporis II and paternal uncle to Rhescuporis III.

Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis II: Tiberius Julius Rhescuporis II Philocaesar Philoromaios Eusebes, also known as Rhescuporis II(" Philocaesar Philoromaios Eusebes", means" lover of Caesar, lover of Rome who is the Pius one", flourished 3rd century – died 227) was a prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom. Rhescuporis II was the first- born son to Bosporan King Sauromates II by an unnamed woman and was of Greek, Iranian and Roman ancestry. His brother was Cotys III. Rhescuporis II was named in honor of Rhescuporis I, a paternal ancestor of his and a previous Bosporan King. When Sauromates II died in 210/211, Rhescuporis II succeeded his father. He reigned as Bosporan King until his death in 227. His royal title on coins is in Greek:" ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ ΡΗΣΚΟΥΠΟΡΙΔΟΣ" or" of King Rhescuporis". During his reign, Rhescuporis II co-ruled with his son Rhescuporis III from an unnamed wife. He was a contemporary to the rule of the Roman Emperors Caracalla, Macrinus, Elagabalus and Alexander Severus. Little is known of the life and reign of Rhescuporis II. In the year of his death and his son also died. Rhescuporis II was succeeded by Cotys III.

McAllister Hull: McAllister Hull( September 1, 1923 – February 9, 2011) was an American theoretical physicist who took part in the creation of the atomic bomb that was dropped over Nagasaki in 1945, ending World War II.