Alan IV, Viscount of Rohan
Alan IV de Rohan, called the Young (c. 1166 – 1205), was the eldest son of Alan III, Viscount of Rohan and Constance of Penthièvre. He was 4th Viscount of Rohan and Lord of Corlay. He took part to the Third Crusade.

Constance of Penthièvre
Constance of Penthièvre (c. 1140 – after 23 June 1184) was a Breton princess, daughter of Alan of Penthièvre, 1st Earl of Richmond, and Bertha of Cornouaille, "suo jure" Duchess of Brittany.

Emmanuel de Rohan-Polduc
Fra' Emmanuel Marie des Neiges de Rohan- Polduc( 18 April 1725, in la Mancha, Spain – 14 July 1797, in Valletta, Malta) was a member of the wealthy and influential Rohan family of France, and 70th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of St. John from 1775 to 1797. De Rohan was born in la Mancha, Spain on 18 April 1725. His father was French, but had been banished to Spain. He served in the courts of Madrid and Parma, before becoming an ambassador to Francis I. He eventually joined the Order of St. John, and served in several posts. He was considered as a potential successor to Grand Master Manuel Pinto da Fonseca following his death in 1773, but Francisco Ximenes de Texada was elected instead. Ximenes' magistracy was unpopular due to the Order's bankruptcy. He died in 1775, and was succeeded by De Rohan. De Rohan sought to win the respect of the people, and he became a popular Grand Master. On 21 June 1777, he elevated the village of Żebbuġ to the status of city, naming it Città Rohan. An archway commemorating this event was constructed in 1798. The coat of arms of Żebbuġ contains the arms of the House of Rohan, in honour of the Grand Master. De Rohan authored the" Code de Rohan", a constitutional law book published in two volumes titled" Saint John of Jerusalem of Rhodes of Malta" in 1782. This Grand Master was also responsible for the publication of the Diritto Municipale in 1784. De Rohan instituted the Anglo- Bavarian langue, which was housed in the former Palazzo Carniero. In 1797, he established the Russian Grand Priory, which later evolved into the Russian tradition of the Knights Hospitaller. In 1792, he commissioned and partially financed the construction of Fort Tigné. St. Lucian Tower& Battery were also upgraded during De Rohan's magistracy, and the complex was renamed Fort Rohan in 1795 after the Grand Master. It was rebuilt as Fort San Lucian in the 1870s, but it still retains De Rohan's coat of arms on the façade. The last few years of De Rohan's magistracy were troublesome, due to the decline of the Order because of the French Revolution. De Rohan suffered a stroke in 1792, and his health began to deteriorate. He died on 14 July 1797, and was buried at St. John's Co- Cathedral in Valletta. His last words were" I, at any rate, am the last grandmaster, at least of an order illustrious and independent." He was proven correct, since less than a year after his death, the French invaded Malta and expelled the Order from the island.

Cardinal de Rohan
Louis René Édouard de Rohan known as Cardinal de Rohan (25 September 1734 – 16 February 1803), "prince de Rohan-Guéméné", was a French bishop of Strasbourg, politician, cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, and cadet of the Rohan family (which traced its origin to the kings of Brittany). His parents were Hercule Mériadec, Prince of Guéméné and Louise Gabrielle Julie de Rohan. He was born in Paris. Members of the Rohan family had filled the office of Bishop of Strasbourg since 1704, which made them princes of the Holy Roman Empire and the compeers rather of the German prince-bishops than of the French ecclesiastics. Louis de Rohan was destined for this high office from birth. Soon after taking orders, in 1760, he was nominated coadjutor to his uncle, Louis Constantin de Rohan-Rochefort, who then held the bishopric, and he was also appointed titular bishop of Canopus, Egypt. But he preferred the elegant life and the gaiety of Paris to his clerical duties, and had also an ambition to make a figure in politics. In 1761 he was elected to seat 36 of the Académie française. Louis de Rohan was a member of the palace cabal opposed to the Austrian alliance. This party was headed by the Duc d'Aiguillon who, in 1771, sent Rohan on a special embassy to find out what was being done in Vienna with regard to the partition of Poland. Rohan arrived at Vienna in January 1772, and made a great spectacle of himself with his lavish entertainments. Empress Maria Theresa was hostile to his intrigues; not only did he attempt to thwart her alliance with France, but as a vicar of the Church, he made little secret of his venal lifestyle. On the death of Louis XV in 1774, Rohan was recalled from Vienna, and coldly received in Paris; but his family's influence was too great for him to be neglected; in 1777 he was made Grand Almoner of France, and in 1778, abbot of St. Vaast. In 1778, he was made a cardinal on the nomination of Stanislaus Poniatowski (the king of Poland). In 1779, Louis de Rohan succeeded his uncle, Constantine de Rohan-Rochefort, as bishop of Strasbourg, though he spent much of his career working in Paris, as he preferred a fashionable life to his clerical duties; also in 1779, he became abbot of Noirmoutiers and Chaise-Dieu. Despite his enhanced status, the Cardinal was poorly received at court, having made himself an enemy of Queen Marie Antoinette, the daughter of Empress Maria Theresa, whose disapproval he had earned in Vienna. Wishing to redeem himself in the eyes of the Queen, he fell into the hands of a gang of thieves, the comtesse de Lamotte, and others, perhaps including the notorious Cagliostro, whose actions form part of the "affair of the diamond necklace". Rohan was led to believe that his attentions to the Queen were welcomed, and that she approved his arrangements for her to purchase the infamous necklace. When the swindle was discovered, the Cardinal was arrested and implicated in the theft, though he was later found to have been an innocent dupe. At the trial in 1786 before the "parlement of Paris" his acquittal was received with popular enthusiasm, and regarded as a victory over the royal court at Versailles and, in particular, the Queen. He was deprived of his office as grand almoner and exiled to his abbey of Chaise-Dieu, where he was accompanied by his secretary, Louis Ramond de Carbonnières. The following year, he traveled to the thermal spas of the Pyrenees, spending the summer and the autumn in Barèges, where Ramond began his geological investigations. Rohan was soon allowed to return to Strasbourg, and his popularity was shown by his election in 1789 to the Estates-General by the clergy of the bailliages of Haguenau and Wissembourg. He, at first, declined to sit, but when the Estates-General became the National Assembly, it insisted on validating his election. However, in January 1791, as a prince of the church, he refused to take the oath to the Civil Constitution of the Clergy, and went to Ettenheim, in the German part of his diocese. In exile, his character improved and he spent what wealth remained to him in providing for the poor clergy of his diocese who had been obliged to leave France. On 29 November 1801, he resigned his nominal office as Bishop of Strasbourg and went back to Ettenheim, where he died on 17 February 1803.

Louis-Armand-Constantin de Rohan
Louis- Armand- Constantin de Rohan," Chevalier de Rohan" and" Prince de Montbazon",( 6 April 1732 – 27 July 1794) was a French naval officer of the eighteenth century.

Armand Gaston Maximilien de Rohan
Armand de Rohan (Armand Gaston Maximilien; 26 June 1674 – 19 July 1749) was a French churchman and politician. He became bishop of Strasbourg in 1704, Cardinal in 1712 then Grand Almoner of France in 1713 and member of the regency council in 1722. He constructed the Hôtel de Rohan next to the present day Hôtel de Soubise in which his father lived, employing his father's architect, Pierre-Alexis Delamair. The prince de Rohan was elected a member of the Académie des Inscriptions in 1701 and of the Académie française in 1703. He was made a commander of the Saint-Esprit in 1713.

Philippe de Rohan-Chabot
Philippe- Ferdinand -Auguste de Rohan- Chabot( 1815-1875), comte de Jarnac, was a French diplomat of aristocratic descent. Descended from the ancient Breton family currently represented by Josselin de Rohan, the 14th Duke. He was the only son of General Louis- Guy- Charles- Guillaume de Rohan by his wife Lady Isabelle Fitzgerald. He succeeded his father in the family titles of" vicomte de Chabot" and" comte de Jarnac". After leading the expedition which returned Emperor Napoleon's remains from Saint Helena, he was later appointed, in 1871, French Ambassador to the United Kingdom.

Charles Jules, Prince of Rochefort
Charles Jules de Rohan( Charles Jules Armand; 29 August 1729 – 18 May 1811) was a French nobleman and Prince of Rochefort. He was the father of Charlotte Louise de Rohan, secret wife of the executed" duc d' Enghien".

Guy Auguste de Rohan-Chabot
Guy Auguste de Rohan- Chabot known as the" comte de Chabot"( 18 August 1683 – 13 September 1760), often referred to as Chevalier de Rohan, was a French nobleman most notable for an altercation with Voltaire. He was the son of Louis de Rohan- Chabot, Duc de Rohan, Prince de Leon and Marie Élisabeth du Bec- Crespin de Grimaldi, Marquise de Vardes. Guy Auguste married twice, first Yvonne Sylvie Breil de Rays( 1712 – 15 July 1740) on 7 February 1729, with whom he fathered two sons, Louis Antoine Auguste and Charles. After his wife's death he married Mary Apolonia Scolastica Stafford- Howard( 17 February 1721 – 16 May 1769) on 25 May 1744. He died in 1760 Paris, France. His son Louis Antoine succeeded Guy Auguste's father as the Duke of Rohan.

Charles III, Prince of Guéméné
Charles de Rohan (30 September 1655 – 10 October 1727) was a French nobleman. His primary title was Duke of Montbazon, and before acceding to that title he was known by his other title, prince de Guéméné. He was the son of Charles de Rohan and Jeanne Armande de Schomberg.