Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

End of the World (1977 film)
End of the World is a 1977 Science Fiction film American film directed by John Hayes.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Leslie Cockburn
Leslie Cockburn (born Leslie Corkill Redlich; September 2, 1952) is an American investigative journalist, and filmmaker. Her investigative television segments have aired on CBS, NBC, "PBS Frontline", and "60 Minutes". She has won an Emmy Award, The Hillman Prize, Alfred I. duPont– Columbia University Award, Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award, and the George Polk Award. She was the 2018 Democratic nominee for Virginia's 5th district in the U.S. House of Representatives, losing to Republican Denver Riggleman.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Terrence Lanni
Joseph Terrence Lanni( March 14, 1943 – July 14, 2011) was an American casino executive. He was the former Chairman of the Board and former CEO of MGM Mirage.

American Casino (film)
American Casino is a 2009 documentary film about the American subprime mortgage crisis. It is directed and produced by Leslie Cockburn with Andrew Cockburn as co-producer. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on May 2, 2009, and opened at the Roxie Theater in San Francisco on August 21 and at the Film Forum in New York City on September 2. The film features Phil Gramm, Henry Paulson, Ben Bernanke, Henry Waxman, Baltimore mayor Sheila Dixon, and financial writer Mark Pittman. As of September 29, 2009 the film has grossed $23,974.

Wilbur Clark
Wilbur Clark (December 27, 1908 – August 27, 1965) was an American casino owner and land developer from Las Vegas, Nevada.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."