Shadow of a Doubt (disambiguation)
Shadow of a Doubt is a 1943 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. Shadow of a Doubt or Shadow of Doubt may also refer to:

The Shadow of the Desert
The Shadow of the Desert( also released as The Shadow of the East) is a 1924 American silent horror film directed by George Archainbaud. The film is considered to be lost.

The Shadow of the Eagle
The Shadow of the Eagle( aka Shadow of the Eagle) is a 1932 American Pre- Code Mascot 12 episode film serial, directed by Ford Beebe and B. Reeves Eason and produced by Nat Levine. The film stars John Wayne in his first serial role. He would go on to star in two other serials for Mascot," The Hurricane Express"( 1932) and" The Three Musketeers"( 1933). " The Shadow of the Eagle" is now in the public domain.

Shadowplay
Shadow play refers to shadow puppetry or shadow theatre Shadowplay or Shadow Play may refer to:

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

The Shadow of Evil
The Shadow of Evil is a 1921 British silent crime film directed by George A. Cooper and James Reardon and starring Mary Dibley, Reginald Fox and Cecil Humphreys.

Shadowman
Shadowman or Shadow Man may refer to:

Angel of Evil
Angel of Evil (also known as "Vallanzasca - Angels of Evil") is a 2010 Italian crime film directed by Michele Placido. It is based on the biography "Il fiore del male. Bandito a Milano" (The flower of evil. Bandit in Milan) of bank robber Renato Vallanzasca, by Italian journalist Carlo Bonini.

Shadow of Evil
Banco à Bangkok pour OSS 117 released in the USA as Shadow of Evil is a 1964 French/ Italian international co-production Eurospy spy- fi film. It was based on Jean Bruce's 1960 novel" Lila de Calcutta", the 74th OSS 117 novel. It was the second OSS 117 film directed by André Hunebelle and produced by Paul Cadéac, the first in the series in colour, the first co-produced by the Italian company Da. Ma. Cinematografica and the last to star Kerwin Mathews as OSS 117. The film was shot on Thai locations and featured action scenes arranged by Hunebelle's stunt coordinator Claude Carliez with production design by René Moulaert.

Siyaah
Siyaah(" Pitch black") is 2013 Pakistani horror thriller film directed by Azfar Jafri and written by Osman Khalid Butt. The film stars are Hareem Farooq, Qazi Jabbar, Mahnoor Usman and Ahmed Ali Akbar. The film is about the dissociative personality disorder. The movie Sheitaan with similar story was made in Bollywood.