Kardam, Prince of Turnovo
Kardam, Prince of Tarnovo, Duke of Saxony (2 December 1962 – 7 April 2015) was the eldest son of King Simeon II of Bulgaria and his wife "Doña" Margarita Gómez-Acebo y Cejuela. Kardam was born after the abolition of the Bulgarian monarchy. As such, it was only by courtesy that he was sometimes styled as if being a crown prince. He was known also as Kardam of Bulgaria and Kardam of Tarnovo, the latter being the title of the heir apparent of the Bulgarian throne. He was born in Madrid, was baptised into the Orthodox faith and had a master's degree in Agricultural Economics from Penn State University.

Desislava of Bulgaria
Desislava of Bulgaria was daughter of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and his second wife Theodora, a converted Jewish woman.

Maria Palaiologina Kantakouzene
Maria Palaiologina Kantakouzene  was a Byzantine princess, niece of emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, and empress consort of Constantine Tikh of Bulgaria and Ivaylo of Bulgaria. She is the most powerful Empress of Bulgaria, ruling as a regent from 1271 to 1279.

Boris, Prince of Turnovo
Boris, Prince of Turnovo, Duke of Saxony (born 12 October 1997 in Madrid), is the elder son of Kardam, Prince of Turnovo, and the grandson of former Tsar Simeon II of Bulgaria. He is, after the death of his father on 7 April 2015, first in line of succession to the defunct Bulgarian throne. Boris, who has maintained close relations with the Spanish royal family since his father's death, speaks Spanish, English, French and some Bulgarian. He is an artist, devoted to sculpture, plays the guitar and was educated at the "Lycée Français Molière" in Villanueva de la Cañada in the vicinity of Madrid. He chose to complete his baccalaureate studies in Austria.

Boris Vasilchikov
Prince Boris Aleksandrovich Vasilchikov( 1863, Vybiti, Novgorod Governorate – 1931, Menton) — Russian politician.

Kiril, Prince of Preslav
Prince Kyril of Bulgaria, Prince of Preslav (Kyril Heinrich Franz Ludwig Anton Karl Philipp; 17 November 1895 – 1 February 1945) was the second son of Ferdinand I of Bulgaria and his first wife Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma. He was a younger brother of Boris III of Bulgaria and a prince regent of the Kingdom of Bulgaria from 1943 to 1944.

Maria (wife of Boris I of Bulgaria)
Maria( Bulgarian: Мария) was a Bulgarian royal consort as the wife of the Knyaz Boris I of Bulgaria. Her parents are unknown. She is mentioned in one charter from 850/ 96, together with her family members. These are the children of Boris and Maria:

Ana-Neda
Ana- Neda( Bulgarian and; fl. 1323- 1324) was the Empress consort of Bulgaria briefly in 1323- 1324 as the spouse of" Despot of Vidin" Michael Shishman who was elected as Emperor of Bulgaria in 1323. She was the daughter of Serbian King Stefan Uroš II Milutin and Princess Ana Terter, daughter of George I of Bulgaria. From the marriage with Michael, they had three sons, one of whom was Ivan Stephen of Bulgaria, later briefly the Emperor of Bulgaria( 1330 – 1331).

Keratsa of Bulgaria
Keratsa-Maria of Bulgaria( 1348–1390) was Princess of Bulgaria during the Second Bulgarian Empire and Empress of Byzantine Empire. She was the daughter of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and his second wife, a converted Jew, Theodora.

Boris Vladimirovitch Golitsyn
Prince Boris Vladimirovitch Golitsyn( 6 January 1769, Moscow- 6 January 1813, Vilnius) was a Russian aristocrat who fought in the Napoleonic Wars and rose to the rank of lieutenant general.