Michael Landsberg
Michael Elliot Landsberg( born July 22, 1957) is a Canadian sports journalist and the current host of TSN's" First Up with Landsberg and Colaiacovo" and former host of TSN's" Off the Record".

Akbank
Akbank T.A.Ş. is one of the largest banks in Turkey. Founded in 1948,, it had revenues of nearly TL 13.7 billion. Listed on the Borsa Istanbul, its largest shareholders are members of the Sabancı family. Akbank has ranked as" The Most Valuable Banking Brand in Turkey" according to the" Brand Finance- Banking 500, 2018" report for the seventh time in a row. Akbank also achieved significant success by ranking as the 126th most valuable banking brand in the report that comprises the most valuable global banking brands.

NMC Jhapa
The Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. was established in 1994 March 8 by 26 Founder Members. It was established first with Shree Bachat Tatha Rin Sahakari Sanstha Li. and received authorization from Nepal Rastra Bank to run Limited Banking transactions. Later the Name was changed to Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.

1800 United States House of Representatives election in New Jersey
Of the 5 New Jersey incumbents, only one was re-elected.

Sobotište
Sobotište is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia. In 1845 there was established first cooperative in Europe by Samuel Jurkovič( Spolok gazdovský).

Hikarigaoka Girls' High School
It was established in 1963.

Bigelow v. Virginia
Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia, 421 U.S. 809( 1975), was a United States Supreme Court case that established First Amendment protection for advertising.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

Up Tied
Up Tied was an American textile house specialising in tie- dyed fabrics founded in 1968 by the husband and wife team Will and Eileen Richardson and Eileen's brother, Tom Pendergast. They won a special Coty Award for" major creativity in fabrics" in 1970.