Eastern Color Printing
The Eastern Color Printing Company was a company that published comic books, beginning in 1933. At first it was only newspaper comic strip reprints, but later on original material was published. Eastern Color Printing was incorporated in 1928, and soon became successful by printing color newspaper sections for several New England and New York papers. Eastern is most notable for its production of" Funnies on Parade" and" Famous Funnies", two publications that gave birth to the American comic book industry. Eastern published its own comic books until the mid-1950s, and continued to print comic books for other publishers until 1973. Eastern Color Printing struggled financially from the 1970s to 2002, when the business closed, a victim of changing printing technologies.

American Economic Journal
The American Economic Journal is a group of four peer- reviewed academic journals published by the American Economic Association. The names of the individual journals consist of the prefix" American Economic Journal" with a descriptor of the field attached. The four field journals which started in 2009 are" Applied EconomicsEconomic PolicyMacroeconomics", and" Microeconomics".

Eastern Economic Journal
The Eastern Economic Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering all aspects of economics. It was established in 1973 and is published by Palgrave Macmillan on behalf of the Eastern Economic Association. The editors-in-chief are Susan L. Averett and Edward N. Gamber (Lafayette College).

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

Steven Pressman (economist)
Steven Pressman( born February 23, 1952 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American economist. He is a former Professor of Economics and Finance at Monmouth University in West Long Branch, NJ. He has taught at the University of New Hampshire and Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut. He has served as co-editor of the" Review of Political Economy" since 1995, as Associate Editor and Book Review Editor of the" Eastern Economic Journal" since 1989, and a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of the journal" Basic Income Studies" since 2005. He has been on the Board of Directors of the Eastern Economic Association from 1994 to the present, and since 1996 he has served as Treasurer of the group. In addition he has been a regular book reviewer for" Dollars and Sense" since 2010.

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.

World Economic Journal
The World Economic Journal is a monthly business magazine published in Russian and English. The international English edition covers world economic data, dynamics, and analytics directly from Russia.

Palgrave Macmillan
Palgrave Macmillan is an international academic and trade publishing company. Its programme includes textbooks, journals, monographs, professional and reference works in print and online. Palgrave Macmillan was created in 2000 when St. Martin's Press Scholarly and Reference in the US united with Macmillan Press in the UK to combine their worldwide academic publishing operations. The company was known as simply Palgrave until 2002, but has since been known as Palgrave Macmillan. It is a subsidiary of Springer Nature. Until 2015, it was part of the Macmillan Group and therefore fully owned by the German publishing company Holtzbrinck Publishing Group. As part of Macmillan, it was headquartered at the Macmillan campus in Kings Cross London with other Macmillan companies including Pan Macmillan, Nature Publishing Group and Macmillan Education, having moved from Basingstoke, Hampshire, England, United Kingdom in 2014. It maintains offices in London, New York, Shanghai, Melbourne, Sydney, Hong Kong, Delhi, and Johannesburg.

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.