Jesse E. Hobson
Jesse Edward Hobson( May 2, 1911 – November 5, 1970) was the director of SRI International from 1947 to 1955. Prior to SRI, he was the director of the Armour Research Foundation.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.

Strange Boarders
Strange Boarders is a 1938 British comedy thriller film, directed by Herbert Mason, produced by Edward Black for Gainsborough Pictures, and starring Tom Walls, Renée Saint-Cyr, Googie Withers and Ronald Adam. The film is an adaptation of the 1934 espionage novel " The Strange Boarders of Palace Crescent" by E. Phillips Oppenheim, and was well received by critics. The "Los Angeles Times" described it as "a long series of laughs as well as thrills".

S. N. Mathur
S.N. Mathur was the Director of the Indian Intelligence Bureau between September 1975 and February 1980. He was also the Director General of Police in Punjab.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Dave Thomas (actor)
David William Thomas( born May 20, 1949) is a Canadian comedian, actor and television writer. He is best known for portraying Doug McKenzie on" SCTV" as well as in the film" Strange Brew", which he also co-directed.

Herbert Mason
Samuel George Herbert Mason (1891 – 20 May 1960), known as Herbert Mason, was a British film director, producer, stage actor, army officer, presenter of some revues, stage manager, stage director, choreographer, production manager and playwright. He was a recipient of the Military Cross the prestigious award for "gallantry during active operations against the enemy." He received the gallantry award for his part in the Battle of Guillemont where British troops defeated the Germans to take the German stronghold of Guillemont. Mason began his theatrical career at the age of 16 and appeared in several productions at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre including Barry Jackson's "The Christmas Party". During the 1920s he stage managed some of the largest shows in London (including many of André Charlot's musical revues) and began his film career with the arrival of sound in motion pictures. Mason was the Assistant director for "I Was a Spy", which was very successful in the box office and voted best film of the year. He made his debut as director in 1936 with "The First Offence". His most prominent film was "A Window in London" a dark thriller set in the London Underground, which was a remake of the original French drama film "Metropolitan". Another successful film included "Take My Tip", in which he directed Jack Hulbert whose "dances [were] beautifully staged." Several rising actors and actresses (including Vivien Leigh) made their film debuts in some of his films before they rose to prominence. He worked for several studios and production companies including Gaumont British, Gainsborough Pictures, London Films and MGM-British Studios. Mason directed 16 films (from thrillers to comedies), moved into producing for the rest of his career and authored some plays with his wife Daisy Fisher, a novelist and playwright also with a background in theatre. His films were generally very well received, and some of them were marked out for the inventiveness of the plot, locations used for shooting and humour. Some of his films are remembered for introducing rising actors and actresses to the screen before they became famous.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.