Devendra Paudel
Devendra Paudel is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Baglung- 2, Province No. 3. He is the member of Nepal Communist Party.

Dipak Prakash Bhatta
Dipak Prakash Bhatta is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Kanchanpur- 3, Province No. 7. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Dhurba Kumar Shahi
Dhurba Kumar Shahi is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Surkhet- 1, Province No. 6. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Metropolitan (band)
Metropolitan are an American four-piece indie rock group from Washington, D.C.. Metropolitan began as a collaboration between guitarists John Masters and Aidan Coughlan in late 1998, and they recorded and released their debut record, "Side Effects," in 1999. After undergoing several lineup changes since the group's incarnation, Metropolitan became a trio: Saadat Awan and Shyam Telikicherla joined the group. John, Shyam and Saadat played their first gig together in January 2001, and since then have shared the stage with numerous groups across numerous states, including the Dismemberment Plan, the Brian Jonestown Massacre, Bardo Pond, Tristeza, Gogogo Airheart, Wolf Colonel, The Bravery, The Rosebuds, Shout Out Louds, and Bis. Metropolitan released their second full-length album, "Down For You Is Up," in March 2002. The album was recorded at Inner Ear Studios in Arlington, Virginia and produced by Chad Clark (Dismemberment Plan, Fugazi, Beauty Pill). The third full-length, "The Lines They Get Broken," was released in 2005. It was produced by Archie Moore (Velocity Girl) and Jason Caddell (Dismemberment Plan). Continuing to expand, Miguel Lacsamana joined the group in 2005 as well, adding additional guitar and keyboard talent to fill out the live sound.

Bhupendra Bahadur Thapa
Bhupendra Bahadur Thapa is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Myagdi, Province No. 4. He is the member of the Presidium of Nepal Communist Party.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

John Masters
Lieutenant Colonel John Masters, DSO, OBE (26 October 1914 – 7 May 1983) was a British novelist and regular officer of the Indian Army. In World War II, he served with the Chindits behind enemy lines in Burma, and became Chief of Staff of the Indian 19th Infantry Division. Masters is principally known for his historical novels set in India, notably Bhowani Junction, which was turned into a successful film. His fiction has been criticised for its imperialist tone, but equally acknowledged for its sympathetic treatment of Indian nationalists. He also wrote three highly-praised volumes of autobiography.

Vichai Sangprapai
Pol Maj Gen Vichai Sangprapai( also spelled Wichai Sangprapai;; born: January 16, 1955) Thai politician, who is the former deputy chief of Metropolitan Police Bureau and chief of Metropolitan Police Division 1.

Dev Prasad Timilsena
Dev Prasad Timilsena is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Rautahat- 4, Province No. 2. He is the member of Nepali Congress.

Ghanashyam Khatiwada
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.