Nellie Carlin
Nellie Carlin( 1869–1948) was an American attorney in Chicago.

Peter McCracken (footballer)
Peter James McCracken( 14 October 1869–1948) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Chesterfield Town, Middlesbrough and Nottingham Forest.

Vithalbhai Jhaveri
Vithalbhai Jhaveri (1916–1985) was an Indian independence activist, filmmaker, photographer, writer and a close associate of Mahatma Gandhi. He documented Gandhi, since the Dandi March till his death in 1948, through numerous photographs which were displayed at many exhibitions and used in several literary works. " Gandhi-A Photo Biography", a book by Peter Rühe, uses several of his photographs and he was a collaborator of Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar, in the latter's biography of Mahatma Gandhi, "Mahatma; Life of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi". His 330-minute documentary on Gandhi, , covers the Indian leader's life through 14 chapters. The Government of India awarded him the third highest civilian honour of the Padma Bhushan, in 1969, for his contributions to Literature and education.

Giannetto Valli
Giannetto Valli( 1869–1948) was an Italian politician. He was mayor of Rome, Kingdom of Italy( 1921 – 1922).

Mahatma: Life of Gandhi, 1869–1948
Mahatma: Life of Gandhi, 1869–1948 is a 1968 documentary biography film, detailing the life of Mahatma Gandhi. The film was produced by The Gandhi National Memorial Fund in cooperation with the Films Division of the Government of India, and was directed and scripted by Vithalbhai Jhaveri. Jhaveri also provides the commentary throughout the film. The film is in black and white, contains 33 reels (14 chapters), and runs for 330 minutes. The film was made to seek to tell the life story Gandhi, and his incessant search for Truth. The film contains animation, live photography and old prints to provide an integrated image of his life. The story itself is narrated using mostly Gandhi's own words. There are several versions of the film. There is the 5 hour version in English, a shorter version which runs for 2 hours and 16 minutes, and an even shorter version which runs for an hour. A Hindi version exists, running for 2 hours and 20 minutes, and a German version at 1 hour and 44 minutes.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Vitthal Jhaveri
Vithal Jhaveri( 1916–1985) was an Indian film- maker, writer and freedom fighter. He was involved in the freedom struggle from the time of the Dandi March and was one of the founders of a radio service for the Indian National Congress in 1942. He also directed a documentary titled" Mahatma: Life of Gandhi", in 1968. He had also co-authored a book on Mahatma Gandhi.

Catherine Mahon
Catherine Mahon( 1869 – 1948), first women president of the Irish National Teachers' Organisation

Robert Nainby
Robert Nainby( 1869–1948) was an Irish actor.