Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

Gennadiy Valyukevich
Gennadiy Valyukevich (1 June 1958 – 29 December 2019) was a triple jumper who represented the USSR and later Belarus. He won three medals at the European Indoor Championships. He was the father of Dmitrij Valukevic, who currently represents Slovakia.

Gennadiy Valyukevich
Gennadiy Valyukevich (1 June 1958 – 29 December 2019) was a triple jumper who represented the USSR and later Belarus. He won three medals at the European Indoor Championships. He was the father of Dmitrij Valukevic, who currently represents Slovakia.

Beaulieu-sur-Loire
Beaulieu- sur- Loire is a commune in the Loiret department in north -central France. It is also the place of death of Jacques MacDonald, a French general who served in the Napoleonic Wars

Sennedjem
The Ancient Egyptian artisan Sennedjem lived in Set Maat( translated as" The Place of Truth"), contemporary Deir el- Medina, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Thebes, during the reigns of Seti I and Ramesses II. Sennedjem had the title" Servant in the Place of Truth". He was buried along with his wife, Iyneferti, and family in a tomb in the village necropolis. His tomb was discovered January 31, 1886. When Sennedjem's tomb was found, in it there was regular furniture from his home, including a stool and a bed, which he actually used when he was alive. His titles included Servant in the Place of Truth, meaning that he worked on the excavation and decoration of the nearby royal tombs.

Place of birth
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

Nikolai Sheremetev
Nikolai Petrovich Sheremetev  (28 June 1751 - 2 January 1809 O.S., 9 July 1751 - 14 January 1809 N.S.) was a Russian count, the son of Petr Borisovich Sheremetev, notable grandee of the epoch of empresses Anna Ivanovna, Elizabeth Petrovna, and Catherine II. He was also the grandson of Boris Petrovich Sheremetev. His father P. B. Sheremetev was passionate about the theatre and transferred this passion to his son. N. P. Sheremetev spent his early youth at court. From the age of 13 to 14 he started to act in private theatricals of his father, and then "on the big court theatre". In 1765 he played the role of the god Hymen in the mythological ballet " Acis and Galathea", in which his childhood comrade, the future Paul I, had distinguished himself. Having a special passion for music, Nikolai Petrovich masterfully played the cello. From 1769 to 1773 he traveled abroad: he attended lectures in Leiden University in the Netherlands, traveled across England, Germany, and Switzerland, took music lessons, and got acquainted with theatre life. In France he took a great interest in opéra comique. Returning to Moscow and receiving the post of director of the Moscow bank for noblemen, Sheremetev started to reconstruct his father's theatre: he engaged in special education of serf children, "certain to theatre" (Russian letters, foreign languages, music, singing, dance, diction, refined manners). Feeling extraordinary talent in one of his students, Parasha Kovaleva (Praskovya Ivanovna Kovaleva), he gave her more and more attention, preparing for her star career as the future "Praskovya Zhemchugova", whom he married in 1801. Sheremetev's performances involved Moscow gentlefolk. From a small private theatre of the count P. B. Sheremetev, it grew into a troupe capable of giving "an opera and allegorical ballets". From the moment of his return from abroad Sheremetev not only watched closely all events of the Moscow theatre life, but on a regular basis he took out the troupe to performances of theatre Medox, and he invited lead actors of Peter theatre (theatre Medox) to teach serf actors. In the beginning of 1790 Sheremetev decided to transfer the serf theatre from Kuskovo to Ostankino. On July 22, 1795 the theatre was opened with the premiere of the heroic opera "The Capture of Izmail" (P. Potemkin's libretto, I. Kozlovski's music). Sheremetev's theatre left far behind numerous other serf troupes (the only exception was the theatre of the Count A. R. Vorontsov). In 1796 Sheremetev was made a senator, and in March he moved to St. Petersburg to Catherine II's court. On November 6, 1796 Catherine died and the throne was inherited by Paul I who gave Sheremetev the title of marshal. Sheremetev's life proceeded in St. Petersburg, Pavlovsk, Gatchina; he was engaged in theatre much less. Because of the incurable illness of Zhemchugova, who was now his wife, the Count closed the theatre in Ostankino, and on November 6, 1801 he secretly married her, having first found in an archive the facts testifying to her "origin" from the Polish noble clan of Kovalev. The marriage was made public only after Zhemchugova's death (on February 23, 1803). Sheremetev sent a letter to the tsar, informing him about his marriage with a woman "whose origin incontestably had a noble beginning" and about the birth of his son and heir. Sheremetev died six years later, in 1809. In his will he gave instructions for a very simple funeral, in a simple board coffin, with the money intended for a funeral distributed instead to the poor and monasteries.

Dance of Death (disambiguation)
Dance of Death, also called" Danse Macabre", is a late- medieval allegory of the universality of death. Dance of Death or The Dance of Death may also refer to:

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Dmitri Sheremetev
Dmitri Nikolaevich Sheremetev (3 January 1803 in Saint Petersburg- 12 September 1871 in Kuskovo) was a Russian aristocratic, member of the Sheremetev family. He was the only son of Nikolai Sheremetev and Praskovia Kovalyova-Zhemchugova and the father of Aleksandr Sheremetev.