Stands for Decibels
Stands for Decibels is the debut studio album by American power pop band the d B's, released in January 1981 by Albion Records. The album was commercially unsuccessful but critically acclaimed. " Stands for Decibels" was ranked No. 76 on" Pitchfork"'s list of" Top 100 Albums of the 1980s". At the time of its release, the dB's consisted of singer/ guitarists Chris Stamey and Peter Holsapple, bassist Gene Holder, and drummer Will Rigby. The songwriting was evenly divided between Stamey and Holsapple, although Stamey became known for writing the stranger, more avant- garde numbers(" She's Not WorriedEspionage") while Holsapple wrote the more accessible, poppier songs(" Black and WhiteBad Reputation"). Both Stamey and Holsapple played keyboards occasionally as well. Holder and Rigby did not receive any songwriting credits( other than a group credit for" Dynamite"). The first track," Black and White", was also their first single. The album was dedicated to George Scott III.

Dat Whoopty Woop
Dat Whoopty Woop is the debut album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly. The album came out on July 31, 2001.

Pleasuredome
Pleasuredome or Pleasure Dome may refer to:

Join the Triumph
Join the Triumph marks the first album from Citizens& Saints. It is their second studio album after 2013's" Citizens" release with label mates BEC Recordings. The album came out on November 11, 2014.

Repercussion (album)
Repercussion is the second studio album by American power pop band the d B's, released in 1982 by Albion Records. Like its predecessor," Stands for Decibels", the album was commercially unsuccessful but critically acclaimed. This was the band's final album with the original lineup, as Chris Stamey left in early April 1982.

Pleasure Victim
Pleasure Victim is the second studio album by American new wave band Berlin. It was originally recorded in 1982 and released in October of that year by M.A.O. Records and Enigma Records. After the second single," Sex( I'm A ...)", received considerable attention, the album was re-released on January 26, 1983 by Geffen Records in the United States and by Mercury Records internationally. The album marked the return of lead singer Terri Nunn to the group. To date, it is Berlin's best- selling album and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America( RIAA) on February 9, 1993, becoming the band's only album to be certified platinum. " Sex( I'm A ...)" peaked at number 62 on the" Billboard" Hot 100, while subsequent singles" The Metro" and" Masquerade" reached numbers 58 and 82, respectively. The album itself peaked at number 30 on the" Billboard" 200 in May 1983.

A Town South of Bakersfield
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam. The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane. The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.

Mulberry Violence
Mulberry Violence is the debut album by American experimental artist Trevor Powers. The album came out on August 17, 2018 ..

Marching for Liberty
Marching for Liberty is the third studio album by Hungarian heavy metal band Wisdom, released on September 27, 2013, through Noise Art Records. The album came out in Hungary one week later through Nail Records.

Came Out of the Grave
Came Out of the Grave is an album by the band Balzac.