Albert V, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau
Albert V, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau( died ca. 1469) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Dessau. He was the fifth son of Sigismund I, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau, by his wife Judith, daughter of Gebhard XI, Count of Querfurt.

Eleonore Dorothea of Anhalt-Dessau
Eleonore Dorothea of Anhalt- Dessau( born 16 February 1602 in Dessau – died: 26 December 1664 in Weimar), was a princess of Anhalt- Dessau by birth and by marriage Duchess of Saxe- Weimar.

Countess Henriette Catherine of Nassau
Henriette Catherine of Nassau (10 February 1637 – 3 November 1708) was princess consort of Anhalt-Dessau by marriage to John George II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, and regent of Anhalt-Dessau from 1693 to 1698 during the minority (and then the absence) of her son Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau.

William Gustav of Anhalt-Dessau
William Gustav of Anhalt- Dessau( 20 June 1699 – 16 December 1737) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and heir to the principality of Anhalt- Dessau. He was born in Dessau, the eldest son of Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau, by his morganatic wife Anna Louise Föhse.

Prince George Bernhard of Anhalt-Dessau
George Bernhard of Anhalt-Dessau (21 February 1796 – 16 October 1865), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch. He was born in Dessau, the second son of Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his wife Landgravine Amalie of Hesse-Homburg, daughter of Frederick V, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg.

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau
George I, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau( – 21 September 1474), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Dessau. He was the second son of Sigismund I, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau, by his wife Judith, daughter of Gebhard XI, Count of Querfurt.

Princess Amalie of Hesse-Homburg
Princess and Landgravine Christiane "Amalie" of Hesse-Homburg, full German name: "Christiane Amalie, Landgräfin von Hessen-Homburg" (29 June 1774, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Landgraviate of Hesse-Homburg, Holy Roman Empire – 3 February 1846, Dessau, Duchy of Anhalt-Dessau) was a member of the House of Hesse-Homburg and a Princess and Landgravine of Hesse-Homburg by birth. Through her marriage to Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, Amalie was also a member of the House of Ascania and Hereditary Princess of Anhalt-Dessau.

Sigismund II, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau
Sigismund II, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau( died aft. 22 May 1452) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Dessau. He was the fourth son of Sigismund I, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau, by his wife Judith, daughter of Gebhard XI, Count of Querfurt.

Henrietta Catherine Agnes of Anhalt-Dessau
Henrietta Catherine Agnes of Anhalt- Dessau( born 5 June 1744 in Dessau; died: 15 December 1799 in Dessau) was a princess of Anhalt- Dessau by birth, Dean of Herford Abbey and by marriage Baroness of Loën.