Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Anantkumar Surendraray Dave
Anant Surendraray Dave( born 5 December 1957) is an Indian Judge and former Acting Chief Justice and also a former Judge of the Gujarat High Court.

Junkin' with Val and Dave
Junkin' with Val and Dave was a television show which aired on the Turner South cable network. The program was Turner South's highest rated original production. The show followed hosts Val Myers and Dave Bird (who was also the show's creator and executive producer) as they traveled throughout the Southeast visiting flea markets and yard sales, each episode based in a different city. During a typical program, Val and Dave chatted with sellers and bought merchandise they found interesting, then sold the items on eBay and donated the money to charity. Auction results were broadcast in subsequent episodes.

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Pinakin Dave
Pinakin Natwarlal Dave (born 1935) is Gujarati language novelist, story writer and critic from Gujarat, India.

Dave Bird
David Alan "Dave" Bird (born 26 December 1984) is an English footballer, who played as a Central Midfielder. Bird holds the record for most Football League appearances for Cheltenham Town F.C., having made 289 League appearances for the club. He has previously played for Cheltenham Town, Kidderminster Harriers and Gloucester City.

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".