O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

No Controles
" No Controles" is a song written by Nacho Cano, and recorded and released by the Spanish band Olé Olé in 1983. The song translates as" Do n't Control" in English, referring to a series of life choices that could possibly be controlled such as' mi forma de pensar ... vestir'," the way I think or dress".

Ajax, Olé Olé Olé
"Ajax, Olé Olé Olé" is a Levenslied song by Willy Alberti sung with the Supporters of the Dutch association football club AFC Ajax from Amsterdam who were credited as the Ajax choir. The single was released on Philips Records in 1969. The song is the A-side to the record "Ajax, Olé Olé Olé / Hoi, Hoi, Hoi, (Je bent mijn glorie)" which was released as a 7"-single. Willy Alberti also released other records relating to his favorite football club Ajax throughout his career, having released the single We gaan naar Londen two years later.

Willy Alberti
Willy Alberti (14 October 1926 – 18 February 1985), born Carel Verbrugge, was a Dutch singer, who sang in Dutch and Italian. He was also an actor and a radio and TV personality. Alberti was born in Amsterdam as the third of eight children to Jacobus Wilhelm Verbrugge and Sophia Jacoba van Musscher. He sang with family members at a very young age. He began recording professionally in the early 1940s. In 1944 he married Ria Kuiper and his daughter Willeke Alberti, later to become a successful Dutch vocalist herself, was born in 1945. After the war Alberti established himself in the Netherlands with Italian songs; he became increasingly popular in the 1950s, when he had a string of hits beginning with "Nel blu dipinto di blu" in 1958. In the 1960s he began to act alongside his daughter Willeke; as a duo, they also scored hits on the Dutch charts. From 1965 father and daughter presented a popular monthly television show for the AVRO. Alberti won two Edison Awards in the 1960s. In the 1970s Alberti's fame began to decline, though he did score a few hits. In 1984 Alberti was diagnosed with liver cancer, and died in Amsterdam on 18 February the following year. He was cremated at the Westgaarde Crematorium in Amsterdam. In 1998, a Willy Alberti museum was established; it quickly closed due to lack of interest.

Hi (song)
" Hi"( English:" Alive") was the Israeli entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Hebrew by Ofra Haza. The song title was transliterated at the contest as" Hi", and has also been credited in other media as" KhayJaiHay" and" Chai". The song is a moderately up- tempo number. The singer begins by singing that she is still alive, and that despite her thorns, she also has many flowers. As the song goes on, this is revealed to be a metaphor for the people of Israel( the song is ambiguous as to whether this refers to the modern state or the global Jewish community) surviving various attempts at destroying it. The song had further profound meanings since it was performed on German soil with the Holocaust background and in the city of Munich, the site of the Munich massacre in 1972. Haza performed the entry with five backup singers, who were all dressed in yellow costumes. The song was performed sixteenth on the night, following Denmark's Gry with" Kloden drejer" and preceding Portugal's Armando Gama with" Esta balada que te dou". At the close of voting, it had received 136 points, placing 2nd in a field of 20. Haza also recorded the song in English, German and French, entitled" HighFrei" and" Va, Va, Va" respectively. Israel opted not to enter the 1984 Contest, but returned to the contest the following year. Thus, the song was succeeded as Israeli representative at the 1985 Contest by Izhar Cohen with" Olé, Olé". Ofra Haza went on to have a worldwide hit in 1988 with a dance remix of the Yemeni/ Jewish traditional" Im Nin'alu", which became the start of a very successful international career. This was cut short in 2000, when Haza very unexpectedly died at the age of 42.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Put 'Em Under Pressure
" Put' Em Under Pressure" was the official song to the Republic of Ireland national football team's 1990 FIFA World Cup campaign in Italy. It is regarded by" Joe" as an all- time classic football song. Produced by U2's Larry Mullen, it featured an intro by Moya Brennan. The song was created by Larry Mullen Jnr, Denis Woods, John Donnelly. Engineered by John Grimes who was assisted by Colin O’Mahony. It also featured Davy Spillane on the Uilleann pipes. The Jack Charlton soundbites were captured by Colin O’Mahony from reels of archived radio interviews. The chorus was by performed by some U2 fans that were hanging about outside studio 3 on Windmill Lane in Dublin. There was an attempt to record the team but it was a disaster. Somebody had the great idea of using beer to loosen up the team's vocal cords. It is often assumed that the guitar intro was a straight sampling of" Dearg Doom" by the Horslips, however this is not the case. Anthony" Anto" Drennan is credited with playing lead guitar on the single. He actually recorded it in a single take which is very unusual. The Horslips song" Dearg Doom", was itself based on the traditional Irish tune, O' Neill's March,( which appeared as Marcshlua Uí Néill on Sean O Riada's 1969 album" O' Riada sa Gaiety") and which refers to Hugh O'Neill and his part in The Nine Year War. Thanks to this song the title became a catchphrase of then manager Jack Charlton, whose soundbites were sampled for the verse; the chorus was a combination of the familiar football chant" Olé Olé Olé" and a reworking of" Ally's Tartan Army"( which was itself set to the tune of" God Save Ireland"), the unofficial theme tune for Scotland in the 1978 FIFA World Cup, and for 13 weeks the song was at number one in the Irish Singles Chart. The song is regularly played in celebration at Irish homes matches. It was used as the opening theme for the compilation episode of BBC Switch series" Chartjackers". In 2011, RTÉ One aired a quiz show titled" Put' Em Under Pressure", presented by Gráinne Seoige. The phrase" Put' Em Under Pressure" is to this day used in relation to the Ireland national football team.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

We gaan naar Londen
" We gaan naar Londen"( English: We're going to London) is a Levenslied song by Willy Alberti sung with the Supporters of the Dutch association football club AFC Ajax from Amsterdam which was released on CNR Music in 1971. The song is the A- side to the record" We gaan naar Londen/ Een, twee, drie, vier" which was released as a 7"- single. The song was released prospectively regarding the 1971 European Cup Final which was contested at Wembley Stadium in London. Ajax defeated Panathinaikos F.C. from Athens, Greece 2–0 in the final, winning their first of three consecutive European championships. Willy Alberti also released other records relating to his favorite football club Ajax throughout his career, having released the single Ajax olé olé olé( je bent mijn glorie) two years prior.