Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Saddle Rash
Saddle Rash is a canceled comedy animated series. The pilot episode was featured on March 24, 2002 on Cartoon Network's "Adult Swim" programming block. It was created by Loren Bouchard, co-creator of "Home Movies", and uses the same low-budget Flash animation technique found in seasons two and up of "Home Movies".

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Sam Raia
Samuel S." Sam" Raia is a Republican Party politician who is the former of Mayor of Saddle River, New Jersey and past Chairman of the New Jersey Republican State Committee. Raia has served as mayor of Saddle River from 2009 to 2017 and had served on the town council prior to his election. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Hackensack University Medical Center.

Loren Bouchard
Loren Hal Bouchard (born October 10, 1969) is an American animator, writer, producer, television director, and composer. He is the creator of several animated TV shows such as "Bob's Burgers" and "Lucy, the Daughter of the Devil". He is also the co-creator of "Home Movies" with Brendon Small.

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.