Seokhyo Jang
Seokhyo Jang( born 27 October 1957) is President& CEO of the Korea Gas Corporation( KOGAS) and Chairman of the Korea Gas Union( KGU). Jang came through alongside South Korea's entry into the world gas market and became a prominent member of the emerging gas market in Asia.

Korea Gas Corporation
Korea Gas Corporation( KOGAS) is a South Korean public natural gas company that was established by the Korean government in 1983. KOGAS has grown into the largest LNG- importing company in the world and operates four LNG regasification terminals and 4,824 km of natural gas pipelines in South Korea. Young- Doo Kim has been Acting president of KOGAS since 2018. The company has a stake in the Prelude floating liquefied natural gas facility in Australia, along with investors Shell, Inpex Corporation, and CPC Corporation. It is the largest floating production structure in the world. Production started in December 2018.

Union Sulphur Company
The Union Sulphur Company was an American sulfur mining corporation founded in 1896 by the famous inventor Herman Frasch. It utilized the Frasch Process to extract previously inaccessible sulfur deposits located beneath swampland in Louisiana. The Union Sulphur Company dominated the world sulfur market until its patents expired in 1908. Its success led to the development of the present-day city of Sulphur, Louisiana. After its sulfur patents expired, the company transitioned into oil and natural gas production and was renamed the Union Sulphur & Oil Company and later the Union Oil & Gas Corporation. During World War I, the company was a critical source of sulfur for the U.S. war effort. During World War II, the company operated at least twenty-seven Liberty Ships and was awarded a War Service Flag. In 1960, the company merged with the Texas Natural Gas Corporation to form the Union Texas Natural Gas Corporation. In 1962, Union Texas was acquired by Allied Chemical Corporation. Through a series of transactions, the Union Texas division eventually became part of multinational energy company BP.

Philips
Koninklijke Philips N.V.( literally" Royal Philips", stylized as PHILIPS) is a Dutch multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Amsterdam, one of the largest electronics companies in the world, currently focused in the area of health technology. It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891 by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik, with their first products being light bulbs. It was once one of the largest electronic conglomerates in the world and currently employs around 74,000 people across 100 countries. The company gained its royal honorary title in 1998 and dropped the" Electronics" in its name in 2013. Philips is organized into two main divisions: Philips Consumer Health and Well- being( formerly Philips Consumer Electronics and Philips Domestic Appliances and Personal Care) and Philips Professional Healthcare( formerly Philips Medical Systems). The lighting division was spun off as a separate company, Signify N.V.( formerly Philips Lighting prior to 2018). The company started making electric shavers in 1939 under the Philishave brand, and post-war they developed the Compact Cassette format and co-developed the Compact Disc format with Sony, as well as numerous other technologies. As of 2012, Philips was the largest manufacturer of lighting in the world as measured by applicable revenues. Philips has a primary listing on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange and is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index. It has a secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange. Acquisitions include that of Signetics and Magnavox. They also have had a sports club since 1913 called PSV Eindhoven.

China National Petroleum Corporation
The China National Petroleum Corporation( CNPC) is a major national oil and gas corporation of China PR and one of the largest integrated energy groups in the world. Its headquarters are in Dongcheng District, Beijing. CNPC was ranked fourth in 2017 Fortune Global 500, a global ranking of the largest corporations by revenue.

Imperial Energy Corporation
Imperial Energy Corporation plc is a British- based petroleum exploration and production business operating in Siberia. It is headquartered in Leeds and is a subsidiary of India's Oil and Natural Gas Corporation.

Black Stone Minerals
Black Stone Minerals, L.P., or Black Stone Minerals, is a Houston, Texas- based oil and natural gas corporation.

British Gas plc
British Gas plc was an energy and home services provider in the United Kingdom. It was formed when the British Gas Corporation was privatized in December 1986, as a result of the privatizations instigated by the government of Margaret Thatcher.

NMC Jhapa
The Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. was established in 1994 March 8 by 26 Founder Members. It was established first with Shree Bachat Tatha Rin Sahakari Sanstha Li. and received authorization from Nepal Rastra Bank to run Limited Banking transactions. Later the Name was changed to Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.