All These Women
All These Women , originally released as Now About These Women in the UK, is a 1964 Swedish comedy film directed by Ingmar Bergman. It is a parody of Federico Fellini's "8½". Along with "Smiles of a Summer Night", the film is one of the few comedy films ever made by Bergman. It was Bergman's first film to be shot in color.

Stars of the Summer Night
Stars of the Summer Night may refer to one of the following:

Summer Night
Summer Night( also known as" Summer Night with Greek Profile, Almond Eyes and Scent of Basil") is a 1986 Italian comedy film directed by Lina Wertmüller. The film was selected as the Italian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 59th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

Margit Carlqvist
Margit Carlqvist( born 11 February 1932 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress. In Sweden she starred in many movies during the 1950s. Internationally, she may be best known for her role in Ingmar Bergman's film," Smiles of a Summer Night".

Two Idiots in Hollywood
Two Idiots in Hollywood is a 1988 comedy film written and directed by actor Stephen Tobolowsky, based on his stage play of the same name. It stars Jim McGrath and Jeff Doucette.

Hot Summer Night (disambiguation)
Hot Summer Night or variants may refer to:

One Hot Summer Night
One Hot Summer Night is a 1998 television movie with Erika Eleniak, Brian Wimmer, Tobin Bell and Barry Bostwick. The film was directed by James A. Contner.

Smiles of a Summer Night
Smiles of a Summer Night is a 1955 Swedish comedy film written and directed by Ingmar Bergman. It was shown at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival. In 2005" TIME" magazine ranked it one of the 100 greatest films since 1923. The film's plot — which involves some couples who switch partners on a summer night—has been adapted many times, particularly as the theatrical musical" A Little Night Music" by Stephen Sondheim, Hugh Wheeler and Harold Prince, which opened on Broadway in 1973, and as Woody Allen's film" A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy"( 1982).

Smiles of a Summer Night (Desperate Housewives)
“ Smiles of a Summer Night ” is the 72nd episode of the ABC dramedy series" Desperate Housewives". It was written by Bob Daily and Matt Berry and directed by David Grossman. It is the second episode of the show ’s fourth season and aired on October 7, 2007.

Dream of a Summer Night
Dream of a Summer Night( also spelled as" Dream of a Summer's Night") is a 1983 Italian musical film written and directed by Gabriele Salvatores, at his directorial debut. Based on a rock musical directed by the same Salvatores, it is a musical adaptation of William Shakespeare's" A Midsummer Night's Dream". It was screened in the" De Sica" section at the 40th edition of the Venice International Film Festival.