Burhan Nizam Shah I
Burhan Nizam Shah I was ruler of the Ahmednagar Sultanate, in Central India. He ascended the throne on the death of his father Ahmad Nizam Shah I in 1508 or 1510 when he was seven years old. He died in 1553 and was succeeded by Hussain Nizam Shah I. He converted to Shia Islam and royals and commoners followed suit. Sunni theologians and their followers resented this but were crushed. His reign was characterized by religious tolerance, art and flourishing trade. Skirmishes with the Mughals, Bijapur& various other small states continued through his reign. A palace built for Burhan Shah, the second Nizam, stands in ruins two miles south- east of the city of Ahmednagar.

Murtaza Nizam Shah II
Murtaza Nizam Shah II( 1580 – 1610) was the Sultan of Ahmadnagar from 1600 to 1610. His rule was dominated by the powerful regent Malik Ambar, under whom he was an effective puppet ruler.

Nizam-Ud-Din Ahmad III
Nizam- Ud- Din Ahmad III or Nizam Shah Bahmani was the sultan of the Bahmani Sultanate from 1461 to 1463.

Bahadur Nizam Shah
Bahadur Nizam Shah was the Sultan of Ahmadnagar from 1596 to 1600. Only a small child when he gained the throne, he spent almost his entire reign under the regency of his great- aunt Chand Bibi.

Burhan Nizam Shah II
Burhan Nizam Shah II (ruled 1591-1595) was the ruler of Ahmadnagar in the Deccan. He was the second son of Hussain Nizam Shah I and Khunza Humayun Begum. Burhan Nizam Shah's rule was short, as he was a weak and incapable monarch. He was addicted to women and wine, which ultimately led to his fall. His death in 1595 was followed by a civil war over who should rule. He was eventually succeeded in actual power by his sister Chand Sultan, who ruled in the name of his infant son.

Murtaza Nizam Shah I
Murtaza Nizam Shah I, the eldest son of Hussain Nizam Shah I, succeeded him in 1565 after his death.

Hussain Nizam Shah I
Hussain Nizam Shah I (1553–1565) was the preeminent ruler of the Ahmadnagar Sultanate and the leading figure of the coalition of the Deccan Sultanates during the Battle of Talikot.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Ghulam Mohammad Shah
Ghulam Mohammad Shah or G.M. Shah( 20 July 1920 – 6 January 2009) was an Indian politician who was Chief Minister of the state of Jammu and Kashmir from 2 July 1984 to 6 March 1986. He succeeded his brother- in- law Farooq Abdullah. Shah's father- in- law was Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah, the founder of the Jammu and Kashmir National Conference, of which Shah was once a senior member. Shah died 6 January 2009 at the Sher- e- Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences in Srinagar. He was 88.

Murtaza Nizam Shah III
Murtaza Nizam Shah III, was a Nizam Shahi boy prince who in the year 1635 became the nominal Sultan of Ahmednagar, he was subjected to the authority of the Maratha leader Shahaji Raje. Sardar Ranoji Wable attacked Ahmadnagar killed Fateh Khan along with the boy prince Hussain Nizamshah III by order or Shah Jahan, his relatives as well as two pregnant women so that there would not be any male heir to the throne. But soon, Shahaji with the assistance of Bijapur, placed an infant scion of the Nizam Shahi dynasty, Murtaza on the throne and he became the regent. The scion Nizam and Shahaji's family was stationed in the Mahuli Fort. Shah Jahan quickly made an alliance with Mohammed Adilshah of Bijapur and the respective Mughal and Adilshahi generals, Khan Zaman( son of Mahabat Khan) and Ranadulla Khan( father of Rustum- e- Zaman) besieged Mahuli. Shahaji tried to break the siege externally several times, but failed .. However, the mother of scion Nizam, Sajeeda was caught while fleeing along with the Nizam. Murtaza Nizam Shah III was brought before Shah Jahan and Mohammed Adilshah. Shah Jahan proposed to murder the boy Nizam so as to finish the Nizamshahi once and for all. But Shahaji intervened and requested Shah Jahan to change his decision. But Adilshah was adamant. After some thinking, Shah Jahan ordered Nizam's release much to the surprise of Adilshah. However, he set a condition that Shahaji would be placed in deep south so that he could not pose any challenge to Mughals. The Nizam was taken away by Sardar Ranoji Wable to Delhi and was made a Sardar.