Adolph II of the Marck
Adolph II of the Marck( died 19/20 October 1347, Fröndenberg) was Count of the Marck. He was the eldest son of Engelbert II of the Mark and Mechtild of Arenberg. Adolph was betrothed to Irmgard of Cleves, daughter of Otto, Count of Cleves and his( second) wife Mechtild of Virneburg. After obtaining a papal dispensation Adolf was allowed to marry Margaret of Cleves, the daughter of Dietrich VIII, Count of Cleves and Margaret of Guelders. Adolph and Margaret of Cleves had seven children:

Johann, Count of Cleves
Johann was last Count of Cleves, from 1347 through 1368. Upon his death in 1368, the counties of Cleves and Count of Mark were united. Johann was the youngest son of Dietrich VII, Count of Cleves and his second wife Margaret of Habsburg. He succeeded in 1347 his brother Dietrich VIII, Count of Cleves who had died without sons. He married Mechteld of Guelders( † 1384), daughter of Reginald II, Duke of Guelders, but the marriage remained childless. After his death, the County of Cleves went to Adolf III of the Marck and so to the Counts of Marck.

Karl Harst
Karl Harst( fl. 1540) was a sixteenth- century diplomat from the German Duchy of Cleves. He was the Duke of Cleves' representative in London during the marriage of Henry VIII of England and his fourth wife, Anne of Cleves.

John I, Duke of Cleves
John I, Duke of Cleves, Count of Mark( 16 February 1419 – 5 September 1481) was Duke of Cleves and Count of Mark.

Mary of Burgundy, Duchess of Cleves
Mary of Burgundy, Duchess of Cleves (1393 – 30 October 1466) was the second child of John the Fearless and Margaret of Bavaria, and an elder sister of Philip the Good. Born in Dijon, she became the second wife of Adolph, Count of Mark in May 1406. He was made the 1st Duke of Cleves in 1417. They were the grandparents of King Louis XII of France and the great-grandparents of John III, Duke of Cleves, father of Anne of Cleves, who was fourth Queen consort of Henry VIII of England. By their daughter, Catherine, they were ancestors of Mary, Queen of Scots. The Duke and Duchess of Cleves lived at Wijnendale Castle in West Flanders. She died in Cleves in present-day Monterberg, Kalkar.

Margaret of Cleves, Duchess of Bavaria-Munich
Margaret of Cleves( 1416–1444) was a German noblewoman. She was the eldest daughter of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves and his second wife Marie of Burgundy. She married

Elisabeth of Cleves, Countess of Schwarzburg-Blankenburg
Elisabeth of Cleves was the daughter of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves and Marie of Burgundy, Duchess of Cleves. She married Count Henry XXVI of Schwarzburg- Blankenburg, on July 15, 1434.

Marie of Cleves, Duchess of Orléans
Marie of Cleves (19 September 1426 – 23 August 1487) was the third wife of Charles, Duke of Orléans, and the mother of his only son, King Louis XII of France. She was born a German princess, the last child of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves and his second wife, Marie of Burgundy. Marie was a patron of letters and commissioned many works; she was also an active poet herself, producing ballads and other verses. After the Duke's death she was secretly remarried in 1480 to one of her gentlemen of the chamber, the Artesian "Sieur de Rabodanges", who was some years her junior. She died in Chaunay.

Dietrich VIII, Count of Cleves
Dietrich VIII( – 7 July 1347) was a German nobleman. He was Count of Cleves from 1310 through 1347. Dietrich was the son of Dietrich VII, Count of Cleves and his second wife Margaret of Habsburg. He succeeded in 1310 his half- brother Otto, Count of Cleves who had died without sons. Dietrich VIII married twice: He was succeeded by his brother John.< br> When his brother also died without a son, the County of Cleves went to his daughter's son Adolph III of the Marck and so to the Counts of Marck.

Adolph I, Duke of Cleves
Adolph I of Cleves( 2 August 1373 – 23 September 1448) was the second Count of Cleves and the fourth Count of Mark.