Sophia I, Abbess of Gandersheim
Sophia I (September 975 – 30 January 1039), a member of the royal Ottonian dynasty, was Abbess of Gandersheim from 1002, and from 1011 also Abbess of Essen. The daughter of Emperor Otto II and his consort Theophanu, she was an important kingmaker in medieval Germany.

Roberto Savio
Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance. He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini. Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome. He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.

Theophanu
Theophanu (also "TheophaniaTheophana", or "Theophano", Greek ; AD 955 15 June 990), was an Empress consort of the Holy Roman Empire by marriage to Holy Roman Emperor Otto II, and regent of the Holy Roman Empire during the minority of her son from 983 until her death in 990. She was the niece of the Byzantine Emperor John I Tzimiskes.

Khalid al-Habib
Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan. In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack. al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.

Sophia Duleep Singh
Princess Sophia Alexandrovna Duleep Singh (8 August 1876 – 22 August 1948) was a prominent suffragette in the United Kingdom. Her father was Maharaja Duleep Singh, who had been taken from the Sikh Empire to the British Raj, and was subsequently exiled to England. Sophia's mother was Bamba Müller, and her godmother was Queen Victoria. She had four sisters, including two halfsisters, and four brothers. She lived in Hampton Court in an apartment in Faraday House given to her by Queen Victoria as a grace and favour. During the early twentieth century, Singh was one of several Indian women who pioneered the cause of women's rights in Britain. Although she is best remembered for her leading role in the Women's Tax Resistance League, she also participated in other women's suffrage groups, including the Women's Social and Political Union.

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).

Douglas Lane Patey
Douglas Lane Patey is Sophia Smith Professor of English at Smith College in Northampton, MA. He received M.A. degrees from the University of Virginia in 1977( English) and 1978( Philosophy, with a thesis on" Intentionalism in literary aesthetics") and his Ph.D from the same university in 1979, with a thesis on" Probability and Literary Form". He is a specialist in 18th- century literature.

Baglan Mailybayev
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Nayelly Hernández
Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player. She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships. Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour. Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player. She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.