Li Zhong
Li Zhong (李忠) (643 – January 6, 665), courtesy name Zhengben (正本), formally Prince of Yan (燕王), was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty. He was the oldest son of Emperor Gaozong (Li Zhi) and was created crown prince in 652 even though he was not the son of his then-wife Empress Wang. After Empress Wang was displaced by Empress Wu (later known as Wu Zetian) in 655, however, Li Zhong was caught in Empress Wu's crosshairs and was forced to yield the crown prince position to his younger brother Li Hong, born of Empress Wu, in 656. He was later further reduced to commoner rank and put under house arrest, and when the chancellor Shangguan Yi failed in his attempt to persuade Emperor Gaozong to depose Empress Wu in 664 and was executed, Empress Wu took the opportunity to accuse Li Zhong of being complicit in Shangguan's plans. Around the new year 665, Emperor Gaozong ordered Li Zhong to commit suicide. He was posthumously honored an imperial prince, but not a crown prince, during the second reign of his brother Emperor Zhongzong.

Purnima (Hindi actress)
Purnima Das Verma( born Meherbhano Mohammad Ali) was an Indian film actress who worked predominantly in Hindi language films. She is the grandmother of actor Emraan Hashmi.

Tjuyu
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.

Hannah Arnold
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.

Emperor Gaozong of Tang
Emperor Gaozong of Tang (21 July 628 – 27 December 683), personal name Li Zhi, was the third emperor of the Tang dynasty in China, ruling from 649 to 683 (although after January 665 power and governance was primarily in the hands of his powerful second wife Empress Wu, later known as Wu Zetian). Emperor Gaozong was the son of Emperor Taizong and Empress Zhangsun. Emperor Gaozong was aided in his rule by Empress Wu during the later years of his reign after a series of strokes left him incapacitated. Emperor Gaozong delegated all matters of state to his Strong wife and after he died in 683, power fell completely into the hands of Empress Wu, who subsequently became the only Empress regnant in Chinese history. After his death, he was interred at the Qianling Mausoleum along with Wu Zetian. Historians have generally viewed Emperor Gaozong as a weak ruler, inattentive to the business of the state and leaving such business to his powerful wife Empress Wu. During the first part of his reign, Tang territorial gains, which started with his father Emperor Taizong, continued, including the conquest of Baekje, Goguryeo, and the Western Turkic Khaganate, but throughout the 670s, much of those gains were lost to the Tibetan Empire, Silla, Khitan, and Balhae. Further, territory previously conquered that belonged to both the Göktürks and the Western Turkic Khaganate were subjected to repeated rebellions.

Kaoru Hatoyama
After the elections of 2009, she became more widely known as the grandmother of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and his politician brother Kunio Hatoyama.

Anne Denman
Anne Denman( 1587–1661) was born in Olde Hall, Retford, Nottinghamshire. Through a fortunate second marriage with Thomas Aylesbury, she became the grandmother of Lady Anne Hyde, Duchess of York and great- grandmother of Queen Mary II and Queen Anne.

Mona Hopton Bell
Mona Hopton Bell( 1867- 1940) was a British artist, best known for her portraits of civic figures. She was the grandmother of the painter Jean H. Bell.

Diana Guardato
Diana Guardato was a member of the aristocratic Patrician Guardato family, and had three children with King Ferdinand I: Diana Guardato is the 16th- Great Grandmother of His Royal Highness Albert II of Belgium, 15th- Great Grandmother of His Majesty Juan Carlos I of Spain, 17th- Great Grandmother of Philippe of Belgium, 14th- Great Grandmother of His Majesty Manuel II of Portugal, 16th- Great Grandmother of Grand Duke Henri, as well as many others.

Hubba bint Hulail
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.