Oddvar Bull Tuhus: Oddvar Bull Tuhus( born 14 December 1940) is a Norwegian film director, script writer and television worker. His film debut was" Rødblått paradis" from 1971. His" Maria Marusjka" from 1973 was awarded the Norwegian Film Critics' Prize. His film" Streik!" from 1974, based on a novel by Tor Obrestad, was presented at the Cannes Film Festival. Tuhus was manager for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation's department" NRK Drama" from 1994 to 2000. In his movie" Hockey Fever", goaltender Jørn Goldstein has a central role.

The Good Old Days: The good old days is a term used when referring to better times in the past. The Good Old Days or Good Old Days may also refer to:

The Old Soak: The Old Soak is a 1926 American silent crime drama directed by Edward Sloman. The film stars Jean Hersholt, George J. Lewis, and June Marlowe, and is based on a 1922 Broadway play of the same title by Don Marquis. The play was later adapted into the 1937 release" The Good Old Soak" starring Wallace Beery. " The Old Soak" is now presumed lost. However, a 16 mm reduction positive print may exist in a private collection.

Mr. Right (2009 film): Mr. Right is a 2009 British film directed by David Morris and Jacqui Morris. The jointly- made gay- themed film is the debut for both directors.

The Old Soak: The Old Soak is a 1926 American silent crime drama directed by Edward Sloman. The film stars Jean Hersholt, George J. Lewis, and June Marlowe, and is based on a 1922 Broadway play of the same title by Don Marquis. The play was later adapted into the 1937 release" The Good Old Soak" starring Wallace Beery. " The Old Soak" is now presumed lost. However, a 16 mm reduction positive print may exist in a private collection.

Satan Town: Satan Town is a 1926 American Western film featuring Harry Carey. Prints of the film have survived.

Blücher (film): Blücher is a 1988 Norwegian thriller film directed by Oddvar Bull Tuhus, starring Helge Jordal, Frank Krog and Hege Schøyen. Two North Sea divers who have recently been fired plan to vindicate themselves by a pioneer expedition to the wreckage of the German cruiser" Blücher", at the bottom of the Oslofjord. The expedition soon becomes entangled in political intrigues.

The Good Old Soak: The Good Old Soak is a 1937 drama film starring Wallace Beery and directed by J. Walter Ruben from a screenplay by A. E. Thomas based upon the stage play of the same name by Don Marquis. The picture's supporting cast features Una Merkel, Eric Linden, Betty Furness, and Ted Healy. Screenwriter Thomas was disturbed that MGM changed the title from the original" The Old Soak," to the" Good Old Soak." MGM did that because it felt Wallace Beery's fans considered the word" good" synonymous with Beery. Rollin Kirby, a distinguished political cartoonist on the" New York World" newspaper, and good friend of Don Marquis, got a laugh from Marquis when he suggested how appropriate it was that a man named Beery would portray the Old Soak himself. Previously made as a silent film by Universal in 1926 called" The Old Soak" starring Jean Hersholt.

Football of the Good Old Days: Football of the Good Old Days is a 1973 Hungarian comedy film directed by Pál Sándor.

J. Walter Ruben: Jacob Walter Ruben( August 14, 1899 – September 4, 1942) was an American screenwriter, film director and producer. He wrote for 35 films between 1926 and 1942. He also directed 19 films between 1931 and 1940. His great- grandson is actor Hutch Dano. He was born in New York City and died in Hollywood. He is interred at Glendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery.