St Catherine 'Tat-Torba' Church
The Chapel of St Catherine is a small Roman Catholic church located in the village of Qrendi, Malta.

Church of Saint Augustine (Alcamo)
The Church of Saint Augustine is a Catholic church located in Alcamo, in the province of Trapani.

St James's Church, Żurrieq
The Church of St James is a Baroque Roman Catholic church located in the village of Żurrieq in Malta.

Basilica of St. Lucia, Timotes
The Basilica of St. Lucia Also Basilica of Timotes Or alternatively Santa Lucia minor Basilica is a religious building affiliated with the Catholic Church that is located in the town of Timotes in the Miranda Municipality in Merida State, in the Andes of the South American country of Venezuela. It depends on the Archdiocese of Merida(" Archidiocese Emeritensis in Venetiola"). It has the status of both the National Sanctuary and the Basilica. This is one of the two basilicas in Merida being the other Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in the state capital. He received the distinction of the minor Basilica under the pontificate of Pope John Paul II in 2002. Decree that was executed the following year by Monsignor Baltazar Porras. It emphasizes among other things the major altar, that culminated in 1915 and was inaugurated in 1916.

Basilica of the National Shrine of St. Ann
The Basilica of the National Shrine of St. Ann is a Minor Basilica and National Shrine of the Catholic Church located in Scranton, Pennsylvania within the Diocese of Scranton.

St. Mary Star of the Sea Catholic Church (Jackson, Michigan)
St. Mary Star of the Sea Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church located in downtown Jackson, Michigan, in the Diocese of Lansing. It is dedicated to Our Lady, Star of the Sea. In 2008 it absorbed the congregations of St. Stanislaus Kostka Chapel and the Chapel of Sacred Heart, also in Jackson.

Basilica of St. Michael the Archangel (Loretto, Pennsylvania)
The Basilica of St. Michael the Archangel is a Minor Basilica of the Catholic Church located in Loretto, Pennsylvania, United States. It is also a parish church of the Diocese of Altoona- Johnstown.

Basilica of St. Mary Star of the Sea (Key West, Florida)
The Basilica of St. Mary Star of the Sea is a Minor Basilica of the Catholic Church located in Key West, Florida, United States. It is one of the oldest Catholic parishes in the state of Florida and the oldest parish in the Archdiocese of Miami. The church is a contributing property in the Key West Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places.

Basilica of St. Paul (Daytona Beach, Florida)
The Basilica of St. Paul is a Minor Basilica of the Catholic Church located in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States. It is also a parish church of the Diocese of Orlando.

Saint Augustine by the Sea Catholic Church
Saint Augustine by the Sea Catholic Church is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church of Hawai‘i in the United States. It falls under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Honolulu and its bishop; it is staffed by the Congregation of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary. Located at 130 Ohua Avenue, adjacent to Kalākaua Avenue in Waikiki, Saint Augustine by the Sea ministers primarily to visitors, as Waikiki contains the highest number of domestic and international visitors in the State of Hawai‘i. The parish campus is the home of the Damien Museum which houses several relics of Saint Damien of Moloka‘i and related historical artifacts. A 20- minute video is shown about Father Damien and his work with Kalaupapa leprosy settlement. The current clerics of the parish include Father Lane K. Akiona, SS.CC., pastor, and Father Lucius, SS.CC., parochial vicar.