Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Jean Grémillon
Jean Grémillon (3 October 1901 – 25 November 1959) was a French film director.

Ángel Recasens
Ángel Recasens( 4 March 1938 in Cambrils – 2 August 2007) was a Catalan organist, teacher, composer and musicologist best known as a choral conductor. From 1975 to 1986, he was director of the Coro de Sant Esteve of Vila- seca. There, he performed music from the romantics Schumann and Mendelssohn, to the contemporary music of Ligeti and Schnittke. He also directed the Coral Verge del Camí in his home town Cambrils. In his later years, he dedicated himself to reviving lost Spanish choral works from the 16th to 18th centuries; first with la Capilla Príncipe de Viana, then with the expanded La Grande Chapelle and his own label Lauda Records. Both the ensemble and the label were continued by his son Albert Recasens.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Georges Périnal
Georges Périnal( 1897 Paris – 23 April 1965 London) was a French cinematographer. He is best known for his works with Jean Grémillon, René Clair, Jean Cocteau, Michael Powell, Charlie Chaplin, Otto Preminger.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.