Captain Hurricane
Captain Hurricane is a 1935 film about the life of fishermen in Cape Cod.

Bright Lights (1935 film)
Bright Lights is a 1935 film directed by Busby Berkeley.

The Keeper of Lost Causes
The Keeper of Lost Causes( Danish:" Kvinden i buret"), also known as Department Q: The Keeper of Lost Causes, is a 2013 Danish film, directed by Mikkel Nørgaard. The movie is based on the novel by Jussi Adler- Olsen. It is the first film in the Department Q series, followed by the 2014 film" The Absent One", and the 2016 film" A Conspiracy of Faith".

God's Ears
God's Ears is a 2008 film from Grizzly Peak Films. It is a digitally- shot( Sony F900) independent drama, with the full name listed as From your lips to God's Ears, which has led to several awards for the actors and one nomination( Japan's Skip City) for the film. The story is about an autistic boxer( Michael Worth) who falls in love with an exotic dancer( Margot Farley). The two share an uncommon bond, which forces them to break their personal walls or lose each other and themselves in the process. The film is less about boxing than about the parallels between autism and the sport of boxing. The film was written and directed by, and also stars American actor/ screenwriter/ director Michael Worth. It was his first directorial effort of a feature film, he has also directed the drama" Fort McCoyGod's Ears" also stars John Saxon, Tim Thomerson, Mitzi Kapture and Karen Kim. The film introduces Worth's real life grandmother Lois Stewart in her first acting role.

Frisco Kid
Frisco Kid is a 1935 film starring James Cagney and directed by Lloyd Bacon.

Two Sinners
Two Sinners is a 1935 film directed by Arthur Lubin.

The Keeper of the Bees (1925 film)
The Keeper of the Bees is a 1925 American drama film written and directed by James Leo Meehan. It is based on the 1925 novel" The Keeper of the Bees" by Gene Stratton Porter. The film stars Robert Frazer, Josef Swickard, Martha Mattox, Clara Bow, Alyce Mills and Gene Stratton. The film was released on September 6, 1925, by Film Booking Offices of America.

Frisco Waterfront
Frisco Waterfront is a 1935 film.

The Keeper of the Bees (1935 film)
Keeper of the Bees is a 1935 American film directed by Christy Cabanne. The film depicts WWI veteran Jamie McFarland( played by Neil Hamilton) and his search for meaning in his last six months to live, and Molly Campbell( played by Betty Furness), a young woman looking to save her sister's child from being left alone. It also features Emma Dunn as Margaret Campbell, Molly's charming mother and Edith Fellows as Jean- Marie" Little Scout"( not to be confused with Scout Finch), an adventurous young girl trying to fit in with her male friends.

Keeper of the Bees (1947 film)
Keeper of the Bees is a 1947 American drama film directed by John Sturges. It was based on the novel by the same name, written by Gene Stratton Porter. The film was shot over three weeks. " Keeper of the Bees"( 1947) is the third film adaption of the novel" The Keeper of the Bees." There have been two previous film adaptations of the novel in 1925 and 1935. The novel was written by Gene Stratton Porter towards the end of her life, and the novel was published posthumously after a car accident. The film" Keeper of the Bees" was released in theaters on July 10, 1947, but the film seems to have been lost since then. The plot of the third film adaptation was changed greatly compared to the first two film adaptations. When the film was originally released by Columbia Pictures, audiences seemed to enjoy the film.