Ruth M. Kirk
Ruth M. Kirk (February 2, 1930 – June 17, 2011) was an American politician who represented the 44th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates. She was elected 7 times and served a total of 28 years representing west and west central Baltimore.

Ruth Kirk (author)
Ruth Kirk (1925 - April 19, 2018) was an American naturalist, author of 37 books, and filmographer. Along with her husband, Louis Kirk, she produced a nature-themed series, "Kirk's Camera", for PBS, followed by twelve films before Louis Kirk's death in 1992.

Richard Daugherty
Richard Deo Daugherty( March 31, 1922 – February 22, 2014) was an American archaeologist and professor, who led the excavation of the Ozette Indian Village Archeological Site in Washington state during the 1970s. The Ozette Indian Village, which was buried and preserved in a mudslide in the 1700s, has been called" most significant archaeological digs of the 20th century" in the Pacific Northwest. Daugherty collaborated closely with the Makah during the dig, which uncovered more than 55,000 artifacts. Daugherty was born in Aberdeen, Washington, in March 31, 1922. He developed an interest in archeology as a child when he found buried objects around Grays Harbor. He enlisted during World War II. Daugherty was based at Naval Air Engineering Station Lakehurst in Lakehurst, New Jersey, where he flew blimps over the Atlantic to watch for potential German attacks. He enrolled at the University of Washington after the war, where he received a doctorate in ethnography in 1954. He joined Washington State University as an assistant professor in 1954, where he taught for about thirty years, He eventually became the chairman of the department. In 1966, Daugherty joined with both Washington state U.S. senators, Sen. Henry M. Jackson and Warren Magnuson, to successfully pass the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966. In 1970, a winter storm uncovered the remains of a pre-European village at Cape Alava, now known as the Ozette Indian Village Archeological Site, which had been buried by a mudslide in the 1700s. Edward Eugene Claplanhoo, who was chairman of the Makah at the time, immediately recognized the significance of the discovery. Claplanhoo contacted Richard Daugherty at Washington State University. Daugherty and Claplanhoo had known each other since the 1950s. In the early 1950s, Daugherty has served as the WCU freshman class adviser when Claplanhoo held office as the freshman class treasurer. Daugherty sought the advice of Claplanhoo and other Makah leaders during the excavation. While it is common today to consult with local and indigenous communities, Daugherty's manner of working with Makah officials was considered revolutionary at the time. According to Janine Bowechop, a historic preservation officer for the Makah," He was so progressive at a time when it was so uncommon ... Dr. Daugherty taught people how tribes and scientists can work together." Claplanhoo lobbied on behalf of the Makah to keep the Ozette artifacts in local hands. The artifacts are now housed and displayed at the Makah Museum, which opened in 1979. In 2010, Ruth Kirk, an author of books on Ozette( and Daugherty's wife since 2007), spoke of Daugherty's and Claplanhoo close partnership on Ozette dig saying," Ed and Dick were really instrumental in getting the museum set up. Usually, back then, artifacts were taken back to the university, but here Dick always wanted them, and Ed worked with him because the Makah wanted them to stay in Neah Bay ... Now it is common to do that, but back then it was a new idea." Daugherty also directed the excavation of the Marmes Rockshelter, in which 10,000- year- old human remains were discovered, before the area was submerged by water due to the construction of the Lower Monumental Dam on the Snake River in 1969. Daugherty and Ruth Kirk, a nature writer, co-authored" Hunters of the Whale," which explored the early years of the Ozette Indian Village Archeological Site through 1974. Kirk and Daugherty further published another book," Archaeology in Washington," released in 2007. Ruth Kirk and Daugherty, who were both widowed and longtime friends, married in 2007 in a wedding held in a historic replica of an Ozette- era longhouse. Richard Daugherty died in Pullman, Washington, on February 22, 2014, at the age of 91. He was a resident of the Panorama retirement community in Lacey, Washington, at the time. His wife, Ruth Kirk, had just completed a draft of a new book on the Ozette Indian Village a few days before his death.

James Allenby-Kirk
James Allenby- Kirk or simply James Kirk( born 1988) is a Scottish actor, comedian and writer. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Jeff the Chef in the comedy and as Stosh in the drama series.

Theron Strinden
Theron Strinden( May 26, 1919 – March 3, 2011) was an American politician and businessman from North Dakota. Born in Litchville, North Dakota, Strinden went to college and then served in the United States Army during World War II. After the war, he returned to Litchville to work in his family's hardware and farm implement business. From 1963 to 1967 and 1969 to 1981, he served in the North Dakota State Senate and was President Pro Tempore of the North Dakota Senate. His younger brother Earl Strinden served in the North Dakota House of Representatives.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Earl Strinden
Earl Strinden( born November 28, 1931, in Litchville, North Dakota) is a North Dakota politician, and former President of the University of North Dakota Alumni Association, serving from 1974 to his retirement in 2000. He served as House Majority Leader in the North Dakota House of Representatives for several years and then ran for the United States Senate against Quentin Burdick in 1988, but was unsuccessful. He also served on the Grand Forks, North Dakota City Council. He also was the founder of the UND Foundation. His older brother was Theron Strinden who served in the North Dakota State Senate.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Ruth Kirk
Dame Lucy Ruth Kirk( née Miller, 28 April 1922 – 20 March 2000) was a New Zealand prominent anti-abortion campaigner. Her husband was New Zealand's 29th Prime Minister, Norman Kirk.