Slave Lake Airport: Slave Lake Airport,, is located adjacent to Slave Lake, Alberta, Canada.

Lesser Slave Lake: Lesser Slave Lake is located in central Alberta, Canada, northwest of Edmonton. It is the second largest lake entirely within Alberta boundaries( and the largest easily accessible by vehicle), covering and measuring over long and at its widest point. Lesser Slave Lake averages in depth and is at its deepest. It drains eastwards into the Athabasca River by way of the Lesser Slave River. The town of Slave Lake is located at the eastern tip of the lake, around the outflow of Lesser Slave River.

Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No. 124: The Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No. 124 is a municipal district in north- central Alberta, Canada. Its municipal office is located in the Town of Slave Lake. Located in Census Division 17, the municipal district takes its name from Lesser Slave River, which drains Lesser Slave Lake into the Athabasca River.

McArthur Lake (Northwest Territories): McArthur Lake, formerly Clowey Lake, is a lake in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is on the Taltson River to the east of Great Slave Lake, and is just south of the tree line. In the past it may have been a center for canoe building.

Lesser Slave Lake Provincial Park: Lesser Slave Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park and birdwatching area located in north- central Alberta, Canada. The park is located on the north- eastern shore of the Lesser Slave Lake( while Hilliard's Bay Provincial Park," Lesser Slave Lake Wildland" and" Grouard Trail Park Reserve" stand on the north- western shore), 12 km north from the town of Slave Lake on Highway 88.

Slave Lake: Slave Lake is a small town in northern Alberta, Canada about 255 km( 124.3 mi) northwest of Edmonton and a similar distance southwest of Fort McMurray. It is located on the southeast shore of Lesser Slave Lake, at the junction of Highway 2 and Highway 88, in the Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No. 124. Slave Lake serves as a local centre for the area. The administrative office for the Sawridge First Nation reserve is also located in the town.

Daisy Lake (Northwest Territories): Daisy Lake is a lake in the Arctic Ocean and Great Slave Lake drainage basins in South Slave Region, Northwest Territories, Canada. The lake is about long and wide, lies at an elevation of, and is located about southeast of the settlement of Fort Reliance on McLeod Bay, the large easternmost bay of Great Slave Lake. It is also just southeast of the McDonald Fault. The primary inflow is an unnamed creek at the northeast, and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek at the southeast that empties into Dion Lake, whose waters in turn flow via Robert Lake and the Snowdrift River to Great Slave Lake at the community of Lutselk'e.

Medeweger See: Medeweger See is a lake in Mecklenburg- Vorpommern, Germany. At an elevation of 39.4 m, it s surface area is 0.95 km².

Marten Beach: Marten Beach is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No. 124. It is located on the northeast shore of Lesser Slave Lake, west of Highway 88. It is approximately north of the Town of Slave Lake and northwest of the City of Edmonton. Marten Beach is adjacent to Lesser Slave Lake Provincial Park, Carlver Creek to the north and Marten Creek to the south.

South Heart River: The South Heart River is a river of Alberta. It empties into Lesser Slave Lake and is the largest river flowing into it.