The Western Producer
The Western Producer is a regional weekly publication based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada publishing news of interest to western Canadian farmers. It is the largest weekly publication of its type in Canada. Harris Turner and A.P." Pat" Waldron began the Saskatoon- based Modern Press publishing company in 1923. This followed the demise of Turner's previous venture," Turner's Weekly" which originated in 1918. Modern released its first issue of" The Progressive" on 24 August 1923. The following year, the publication was renamed" The Western Producer". A major goal of the magazine in its early years was to promote pooling among wheat farmers. The Saskatchewan Wheat Pool was founded in 1924, an organisation that would purchase Modern Publishing in the early 1930s and support" The Western Producer" through the Great Depression. Until moving to its current location in the late 1990s, the Western Producer operated out of the Modern Press Building. GVIC Communications bought the publishing company from the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool in 2002. The current owner of Western Producer Publications is Glacier Media. The current publisher is Shaun Jessome. The editor is Brian MacLeod.

First for Women
First for Women is a woman's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in the USA. The magazine was started in 1989. It is based in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. In 2011 the circulation of the magazine was 1,310,696 copies.

Sportsnet Magazine
Sportsnet Magazine was a Canadian bi-weekly sports magazine published by Rogers Media in conjunction with its sports television channel Sportsnet. In January 2016 the magazine was redesigned as an online- only publication.

UPraw – UK Student Magazine
UPraw Magazine was a national UK student magazine distributed through various university- related sites, student unions and selected Blackwell bookstores from 2001- 2002. The magazine was based in Bournemouth. The magazine was a full colour glossy publication and four issues were released. The cover and interviews stars included the BBC Radio 1 Disc Jockeys' Dream Team', the RnB act' Artful Dodger' and acting legend Robert De Niro. The magazine was a mix of student related current affairs and mostly humour based articles. The magazine proved very popular in smaller cities but was less successful in bigger cities where local student publications were more dominant. The magazine was also criticised in some quarters for not having enough of a political agenda and not advancing student issues. The magazine was established by Suzanne Miller who had previously edited the magazine" FastTimes". The magazine was co-edited by Nimalan Nades( also known by his real name Nimalan Nadesalingam) who had previously edited a local student magazine in Lincoln, England and who had also been a published as a writer for" FastTime". Many of the UPraw writers were also Lincoln based and included James Copper who had co-edited a local student magazine with Nimalan Nades previously. Another contributor was Jon Kirk who then went on to establish" Chalk", a rock- climbing magazine.

Western Story Magazine
Western Story Magazine was a pulp magazine published by Street& Smith, which ran from 1919 to 1949. It was the first of numerous pulp magazines devoted to Western fiction. In its heyday," Western Story Magazine" was one of the most successful pulp magazines; in 1921 the magazine was selling over half a million copies each issue. The headquarters was in New York City.

Pchelovodstvo
Pchelovodstvo is a venerable and well regarded Russian journal dealing with Beekeeping. The journal promotes the newest methods of beekeeping and targets a broad audience. The first issue was published in 1921 and continues today, published 10 times a year. The headquarters is in Moscow. Its chief editor is O. A. Vereshchaka. The editorial board is made up of Academician of the RAS A. M. Smirnov, Hon. Prof. Dr. V. N. Krylov, Prof. Dr. h. c. V. I. Lebedev et al. The journal is included in the list of both leading scientific journals and publications under review of VAK( Higher Attestation Commission). " Pchelovodstvo" is also included in Russian index of scientific quoting Russian Science Citation Index. ISSN 0369- 8629

Everybody's Magazine
Everybody's Magazine was an American magazine published from 1899 to 1929. The magazine was headquartered in New York City.

Hoog Spel
Hoog Spel(" High Game") was the first video games magazine in the Netherlands. The magazine was published by Rangeela B.V. between 1990 and 2000. The publisher of the magazine was Harry d’ Emme.

Naked Eye (magazine)
Naked Eye Magazine was a Canadian entertainment and lifestyle publication distributed by Brand U Media on a quarterly basis and then biannual basis. The magazine was published between 1999 and 2010 with interruptions.

American Monthly
American Monthly magazine was the original official monthly magazine published by the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution( NSDAR). The magazine was published between 1892 and 2001.