Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Diamond Head (film)
Diamond Head is a 1963 Eastmancolor drama romance film starring Charlton Heston, Yvette Mimieux, George Chakiris, and James Darren, directed by Guy Green, and released by Columbia Pictures. The original music score was composed by John Williams, Hugo Winterhalter composed the theme, and Darren sang the title song. The soundtrack album was released by Colpix Records (CP 440). It was released on compact disc in 2006 by Film Score Monthly paired with Lalo Schifrin's"Gone with the Wave" Silent film star Billie Dove makes her last film appearance in a brief cameo.

John Williams
John Towner Williams (born February 8, 1932) is an American composer, conductor, and pianist. Widely regarded as one of the greatest film composers of all time, he has composed some of the most popular, recognizable, and critically acclaimed film scores in cinematic history in a career spanning over six decades. Williams has won 24 Grammy Awards, seven British Academy Film Awards, five Academy Awards, and four Golden Globe Awards. With 51 Academy Award nominations, he is the second most-nominated individual, after Walt Disney. In 2005 the American Film Institute selected Williams's score to 1977's "Star Wars" as the greatest American film score of all time. The Library of Congress also entered the "Star Wars" soundtrack into the National Recording Registry for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". Williams has composed for many critically acclaimed and popular movies, including "Star WarsSchindler's ListClose Encounters of the Third KindSupermanE.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", the "Indiana Jones" series, the first two "Home Alone" films, the first two "Jaws films", the first two "Jurassic Park" films, "Hook", and the first three "Harry Potter" films. Williams has also composed numerous classical concertos and other works for orchestral ensembles and solo instruments. He served as the Boston Pops's principal conductor from 1980 to 1993 and is its laureate conductor. He has been associated with director Steven Spielberg since 1974, composing music for all but five of his feature films. Other works by Williams include theme music for the 1984 Summer Olympic Games, "NBC Sunday Night FootballThe Mission" theme used by NBC News and Seven News in Australia, the television series "Lost in Space" and "Land of the Giants", and the incidental music for the first season of "Gilligan's Island". Williams was inducted into the Hollywood Bowl's Hall of Fame in 2000, and received a Kennedy Center Honor in 2004 and the AFI Life Achievement Award in 2016. He has composed the score for eight of the top 20 highest-grossing films at the U.S. box office (adjusted for inflation).

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.

Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.

Amedeo Escobar
Amedeo Escobar( 1888–1973) was an Italian composer of film scores.

Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.