Touch of Love
Touch of Love, A Touch of Love, or The Touch of Love may refer to:

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

A Touch of Gold
A Touch of Gold is a 1967 Australian television play. It was the first episode of the second season of" Australian Playhouse".

A Touch of Zen
A Touch of Zen is a 1971" wuxia" film co-edited, written, and directed by King Hu. The film won Technical Grand Prize award at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival. Although filming began in 1968," A Touch of Zen" was not completed until 1971. The original Taiwanese release was in two parts in 1970 and 1971( filming was still ongoing when the first part was released) with the bamboo forest sequence that concludes Part 1 reprised at the beginning of Part 2; this version has a combined run time of 200 minutes. In November 1971 both parts of the film were combined into one for the Hong Kong market with a run time of 187 minutes. It s running time of over three hours makes it an unusually epic entry in the wuxia genre.

Touch of Pink
Touch of Pink is a 2004 Canadian- British gay- themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid and starring Jimi Mistry and Kyle MacLachlan. The film takes its title from the Cary Grant film" That Touch of Mink".

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Touch of the Light
Touch of the Light is a 2012 Taiwanese drama film directed by Chang Jung- chi. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 85th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.

Master of Zen
Master of Zen is a 1994 Hong Kong film based on the legends surrounding the life of Bodhidharma. The film was directed, produced, and co-written by Brandy Yuen, and starred Derek Yee and Louis Fan in the leading roles.

Kaali Ki Saugandh
Kaali Ki Saugandh is a Hindi action film of Bollywood directed by Sabir Saikh and produced by Arif Tamboli. This film was released on 10 November 2000 in the banner of Zen Production.

Chungakkarum Veshyakalum
Chungakkarum Veshyakalum is a Canadian- Indian film in Malayalam language. It was written, directed, co-produced and co-edited by Isaac Thomas. The film stars Thilakan in the lead role, Sanjay George and Anu Thahim in supporting roles. The film started production on 30 October 2007. It was released in Kerala in August 2011.