Night of the Living Dead: Darkest Dawn
Night of the Living Dead: Darkest Dawn, also known as Night of the Living Dead: Origins and Night of the Living Dead: Origins 3D, is a 2015 computer- animated horror film directed by Krisztian Majdik and Zebediah De Soto and produced by Simon West. The film is a re-telling of the original" Night of the Living Dead" in a contemporary setting.

Hood of the Living Dead
Hood of the Living Dead is a 2005 direct- to- video zombie movie about a regenerative formula bringing the dead back to life.

Night of the Living Dead: Resurrection
Night of the Living Dead: Resurrection is a 2012 film directed by James Plumb, based on George A. Romero's classic" Night of the Living Dead".

Return of the Living Dead 3
Return of the Living Dead 3 is a 1993 American romantic horror film. The film is the second sequel in the" Return of the Living Dead" film series but bears little resemblance to its predecessors, as it drops the comedy of those films and replaces it with a larger focus on horror, science fiction, and romantic themes.

Birth of the Living Dead
Birth of the Living Dead( sometimes known by its working title Year of the Living Dead) is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Rob Kuhns. It is about the 1968 horror film" Night of the Living Dead" and that film's legacy. It features interviews with" Night of the Living Dead" director George A. Romero, Elvis Mitchell, Jason Zinoman, Larry Fessenden, Gale Anne Hurd, and Mark Harris.

Ami Neta Hobo
Ami Neta Hobo; is a 2018 Bangladeshi political drama film directed by Uttam Akash and produced by Selim Khan. The film stars Shakib Khan and Bidya Sinha Mim in the lead roles. The cast also includes Omar Sunny, Moushumi, Misty Jannat. The film is produced by Shapla Media and Indian production house Eskay Movies. The film is also the second collaboration between Shakib Khan and Mim, who have previously appeared together in the film" Amar Praner Priya" in 2009. The film is released on 16 February 2018.

Raiders of the Living Dead
Raiders of the Living Dead is a 1986 American horror film directed by Samuel M. Sherman from a script he co-wrote with Brett Piper.

Night of the Living Dead 3D: Re-Animation
Night of the Living Dead 3D: Re-Animation is a 2012 horror film prequel to the 2006 film," Night of the Living Dead 3D". It stars Andrew Divoff( also a co-producer), Jeffrey Combs, Sarah Lieving and Denice Duff.

Cave of the Living Dead
Cave of the Living Dead is a 1964 German/ Yugoslav horror film directed by Ákos Ráthonyi.

The Hanging Woman
La orgía de los muertos( translated as" Orgy of the Dead") a.k.a. The Hanging Woman( title from the US theatrical release), Beyond the Living Dead, Return of the Zombies and Terror of the Living Dead) is a 1972 horror film directed by José Luis Merino, starring Paul Naschy and Dyanik Zurakowska, and distributed by Troma Entertainment.