Nola Fairbanks
Nola Fairbanks( born Nola Jo Modine; December 10, 1924) is an American actress. She is also the aunt of actor Matthew Modine.

Emel Say
Emel Say( 1927 – 17 February 2011) was a Turkish painter. She is the daughter of painter Zehra Say and the aunt of pianist Fazıl Say.

Duchess Marie-Thérèse of Württemberg
Duchess Marie Thérèse of Württemberg (born 12 November 1934) known as Duchess of Montpensier, is a German-born aristocrat. A daughter of the claimant to the royal throne of Württemberg, abolished in 1918, she was the first wife of Prince Henri, Count of Clermont. Duchess Marie Thérèse is the mother of Prince Jean, Duke of Vendôme, head of the House of Orléans and Orléanist claimant to the French throne.

Anne Marie Thérèse de Lorraine
Anne Marie Thérèse of Lorraine (30 July 1648 – 1661), was a Princess of Lorraine and was later a Princess Abbess of the Imperial Remiremont Abbey in France. She was the daughter of Nicholas Francis, Duke of Lorraine, and Claude Françoise de Lorraine. She was a minor during her entire rule and Remiremont was ruled by the Dame Doyenne, Hélène d'Anglure, and the Dame Sonière Bernarde de Cléron de Saffre (fl. 1704).

Kawamura Sumiyoshi
Count, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy. Kawamura's wife Haru was the aunt of Saigō Takamori.

Françoise de Lorraine, Duchess of Vendôme
Françoise of Lorraine( November 1592 – 8 September 1669) was a princess of Lorraine and daughter- in- law of Henry IV of France. Sometimes known as" Françoise de Mercœur", she belonged to the Mercœur cadet branch of the sovereign Dukes of Lorraine and was a niece of Louise of Lorraine, wife of the previous King Henry III. Françoise was the heiress of her father and, as such, was the Duchess of Mercœur and Penthièvre" suo jure".

Claude Françoise de Lorraine
Claude of Lorraine (6 October 1612 – 2 August 1648) was a daughter of Henry II, Duke of Lorraine, and Margerita Gonzaga, her sister was Nicole, Duchess of Lorraine. She married her first cousin and was the Duchess of Lorraine by marriage.

Renata of Lorraine
Renata of Lorraine( 20 April 1544 – 22 May 1602) was by birth a member of the House of Lorraine and by marriage Duchess of Bavaria. Born in Nancy, France, she was the second child and eldest daughter of Francis I, Duke of Lorraine and Christina of Denmark. Her paternal grandparents were Antoine, Duke of Lorraine and Renée of Bourbon- Montpensier and her maternal grandparents were Christian II of Denmark and Isabella of Austria.

Marie-Thérèse Nlandu Mpolo Nene
Marie- Thérèse Nene( born Marie- Thérèse Nlandu Mpolo Nene) is a Congolese politician and first female chief of staff of her country.

Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine
Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine( 15 October 1711 – 3 July 1741) was born a Princess of Lorraine and was the last queen consort of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia. The sister of Francis Stephan, Duke of Lorraine, she died as a result of giving birth to Benedetto of Savoy.