Calloway County High School: Calloway County High School is a public high school located in Murray, Kentucky. The school was formed from the consolidation of six high schools from across the county: Hazel High School, Lynn Grove High School, Kirksey High School, Almo High School, New Concord High School, and Faxon High School.

Wyoming East High School: Wyoming East High School is a consolidated regional high school in New Richmond, West Virginia serving the eastern half of Wyoming County, West Virginia. It opened in 1998 and consolidated the former Pineville High School and Mullens High School, also taking in the former Herndon High School and about two- thirds of the attendance area of the former Glen Rogers High School, both of which had been closed several years earlier. It also celebrates the academic and athletic heritage of Conley High School, which was the county's segregated school and had closed in 1964.

Rolling Meadows High School: Rolling Meadows High School, RMHS, is a public four-year high school located in Rolling Meadows, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is part of Township High School District 214, the second largest high school district in Illinois, after Township High School District 211. The other five schools include Buffalo Grove High School, Elk Grove High School, John Hersey High School, Prospect High School, and Wheeling High School. It serves primarily central and east Rolling Meadows (east of Route 53), a significant part of Arlington Heights and a small part of Mount Prospect. Its feeder schools are South Middle School, Holmes Junior High School, Carl Sandburg Junior High School, and Our Lady of the Wayside, a private Catholic school. Rolling Meadows High School first opened for the 1971-1972

Schaumburg High School: Schaumburg High School, also known as SHS, is a public four- year high school located in Schaumburg, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, United States. The school is part of Township High School District 211, which also includes William Fremd High School, Hoffman Estates High School, Palatine High School, and James B. Conant High School.

Ottawa High School and Junior High School: The Ottawa High School and Junior High School, located at 526 and 506 S. Main St. respectively, are the historic former high school and junior high school in Ottawa, Kansas. The high school was built in 1917, while the junior high school was built from 1927 to 1928; an enclosed hallway connecting the two buildings was built with the junior high school. The high school was the first school in Ottawa to be built solely as a high school and the eighth school built in Ottawa. George P. Washburn& Son designed the high school in the Collegiate Gothic style. When the junior high school was constructed ten years later, the firm, by then known as Washburn& Stookey, designed the building in the same style as the high school. In 1966, a new high school was built for the upper three classes of students; the freshman class moved to the building in 1976, and the old high school and junior high school became a middle school. The two buildings were connected by a multi-purpose room in the same year. The middle school later vacated the building. The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 6, 2000.

Endeavour Sports High School: Endeavour Sports High School( abbreviated as ESHS) is a government- funded co-educational comprehensive and specialist secondary day school, with speciality in sports, located in Caringbah, a southern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1964 as Endeavour High School, the school caters to approximately 1,000 students from Year 7 to Year 12. It is a selective, comprehensive co-educational school which bases its enrolment on students being proficient in a targeted sport or living in the relatively small local catchment area of the school. The school is operated by the New South Wales Department of Education; the principal is James Kozlowski. Endeavour Sports High School is a member of the NSW Sports High Schools Association. The school's alumni include many former and current sportspeople, and Endeavour Sports High School is well regarded in its sporting development of its students.

Illawarra Sports High School: Illawarra Sports High School is a government- funded co-educational comprehensive and specialist secondary day school, with speciality in sports, located in Berkeley, a southern suburb of Wollongong, in the Illawarra region of New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1956 as the Berkeley High School, the school changed its name in 1998 in line with becoming a sports- oriented school. The Illawarra Sports High School caters for approximately 740 students in 2018, from Year 7 to Year 12, of whom 13 percent identified as Indigenous Australians and 27 percent were from a language background other than English. The school draws the majority of its students from the southern Wollongong area; with an increasing number of students from the larger Illawarra area who access its specialist sports programs. The school is operated by the New South Wales Department of Education; the principal is Gary Hampton. Illawarra Sports High School is a member of the NSW Sports High Schools Association.

Wabash High School: Wabash High School is a high school in Wabash, Indiana, United States with approximately 500 students in grades 9- 12. The nickname of the students and the athletic teams is" Wabash Apaches."

Narrabeen Sports High School: Narrabeen Sports High School( abbreviated as NSHS) is a government- funded co-educational comprehensive and specialist secondary day school, with speciality in sports, located on Namona Street and Pittwater Road, in North Narrabeen, in the northern beaches region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1954 as Narrabeen Girls' High School and in 1959 as Narrabeen Boys' High School, the schools merged in 1976 to form Narrabeen High School; and then, in 2000, became the first specialist sports high school in New South Wales as Narrabeen Sports High School. The school caters for approximately 850 students from Year 7 to Year 12. The school is operated by the New South Wales Department of Education; the principal is Dane Ropa. Narrabeen Sports High School is a member of the NSW Sports High Schools Association.

Matraville Sports High School: Matraville Sports High School( abbreviated as MSHS) is a government co-educational comprehensive and specialist secondary school, with speciality in sports, located on Anzac Parade, Chifley, an eastern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Established in 1960 as Matraville High School, the school became a specialist high school in December 2001 and caters for approximately 300 students from Year 7 to Year 12. The school is operated by the New South Wales Department of Education; the principal is Nerida Walker. Its alumni include Bob Carr and a number of professional sportsmen and women, particularly rugby league players. Matraville Sports High School is a member of the NSW Sports High Schools Association.