The Testament of Aga Koppanyi
The Testament of Aga Koppanyi is a 1967 Hungarian adventure film based on the eponymous novel by István Fekete.

Jönssonligan och den svarta diamanten
Jönssonligan& den svarta diamanten ( English:" The Johnson Gang& the Black Diamond") is a Swedish film about the gang Jönssonligan made in 1992. It's the first film not to feature the original gang leader" Sickan" played by Gösta Ekman. The famous theme of the previous films is also replaced by a new theme to mark the absence of" Sickan". The original theme only plays briefly in a single scene. The film is loosely inspired by the film The Testament of Dr. Mabuse.

The Testament of Dr. Mabuse
The Testament of Dr. Mabuse, also called The Last Will of Dr. Mabuse, is a 1933 German crime- thriller film directed by Fritz Lang. The movie is a sequel to Lang's silent film" Dr. Mabuse the Gambler"( 1922) and features many cast and crew members from Lang's previous films. The film features Rudolf Klein- Rogge as Dr. Mabuse who is in an insane asylum where he is found frantically writing his crime plans. When Mabuse's criminal plans begin to be implemented, Inspector Lohmann( played by Otto Wernicke) tries to find the solution with clues from gangster Thomas Kent( Gustav Diessl), the institutionalized Hofmeister( Karl Meixner) and Professor Baum( Oscar Beregi Sr.) who becomes obsessed with Dr. Mabuse. " The Testament of Dr. Mabuse" was based on elements of author Norbert Jacques' unfinished novel" Mabuse's Colony". It was Lang's second sound film for Nero- Film and was his final collaboration with his wife and screenwriter Thea von Harbou. To promote the film to a foreign market, a French- language version of the film was made by Lang with the same sets but different actors with the title" Le Testament du Dr. Mabuse". According to Siegfried Kracauer, Lang deliberately intended the film to suggest the Mabuse- like qualities of Adolf Hitler, who was on his rise to become Chancellor of Germany while the film was being written. When Hitler came to power, Joseph Goebbels became Minister of Propaganda and banned the film in Germany, suggesting that the film would undermine the audience's confidence in its statesmen. The French- language and German- language versions of the film were released in Europe while several versions of the film were released in the United States to mixed reception with each re-release. The sequel" The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse"( 1960) was also directed by Lang. Modern reception of the film is favorable with critics, while the film has influenced filmmakers including Claude Chabrol and Artur Brauner.

The Return of Doctor Mabuse
The Return of Doctor Mabuse( Ger. Im Stahlnetz des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1961 black- and- white crime film/ thriller made in West Berlin. It was a West German/ French/ Italian international co-production directed by Harald Reinl that was the second of the 1960s CCC Films Dr. Mabuse film series, being the sequel to Fritz Lang's" The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse"( 1960). It starred Gert Fröbe, Daliah Lavi and in his first German film, Lex Barker. The film was co-written by Ladislas Fodor and in his first screenplay, Marc Behm who gives the film a science fictional plot that would be followed in the other films in the series. It was shot at the Spandau Studios and on location around Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Otto Erdmann and Hans Jürgen Kiebach. The German title" Im Stahlnetz des Dr. Mabuse" was a reference to the popular German police procedural television show of the time," Stahlnetz". In 1966 the 1960s Dr. Mabuse films were released in the United States to tie in with Gert Fröbe's fame in the role of Auric Goldfinger with this film being renamed The Phantom Fiend.

The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse
The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse( Ger. Die 1000 Augen des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1960 black- and- white crime thriller film directed by Fritz Lang in his final film before his death. A West German/ French/ Italian international co-production, it starred Peter van Eyck, Dawn Addams and Gert Fröbe. The film made use of the character Dr. Mabuse, who had appeared in earlier films by Lang in 1922 and 1933. " The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse" spawned a film series of German" Mabuse" films that were released over the following years to compete with Rialto Film's Krimi films.

The Testament of Billions
' The Testament of Billions( German: Das Milliardentestament) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Franz Seitz.

The Secret of Dr. Mabuse
The Secret of Dr. Mabuse or The Death Ray of Dr. Mabuse( German: Die Todesstrahlen des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1964 Franco- German international co-production science fiction Eurospy crime film directed by Hugo Fregonese and Victor De Santis and starring Peter van Eyck, O.E. Hasse and Yvonne Furneaux. It was a co-production between France, Italy and West Germany. The film was the last in a series of films which had revived the Weimar era character Doctor Mabuse. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Ernst H. Albrecht and Wilhelm Vorwerg. It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin.

Fast Five
Fast Five( alternatively known as Fast& Furious 5 or Fast& Furious 5: Rio Heist) is a 2011 American heist action film directed by Justin Lin and written by Chris Morgan. A sequel to 2009's" Fast& Furious", it is the fifth installment in the" Fast& Furious" franchise and stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris" Ludacris" Bridges, Matt Schulze, Sung Kang, Dwayne Johnson, and Joaquim de Almeida. " Fast Five" follows Dominic Toretto( Diesel), Brian O'Conner( Walker), and Mia Toretto( Brewster) as they plan a heist to steal$ 100 million from corrupt businessman Hernan Reyes( de Almeida) while being pursued for arrest by U.S. Diplomatic Security Service( DSS) agent Luke Hobbs( Johnson). While developing" Fast Five", Universal Studios deliberately departed from the street racing theme prevalent in previous films in the series, to transform the franchise into a heist action series involving cars. By doing so, they hoped to attract wider audiences that might otherwise be put off by a heavy emphasis on cars and car culture. " Fast Five" is considered the transitional film in the series, featuring only one car race and giving more attention to action set pieces such as gun fights, brawls, and the heist of$ 100 million. The production mounted a comprehensive marketing campaign, marketing the film through social media, virtual games, cinema chains, automobile manufacturers, and at NASCAR races. " Fast Five" was released first in Australia on April 20, 2011, and then in the United States on April 29, 2011. The film achieved financial success, breaking box office records for the highest- grossing April opening weekend and the second- highest spring opening weekend, and surpassing" Fast& Furious" to become the highest- grossing film in the franchise. " Fast Five" grossed over$ 625 million worldwide, making it number 66 on the all- time worldwide list of highest- grossing films, in unadjusted dollars, and the seventh- highest- grossing film of 2011. " Fast Five" received mostly positive reviews, with critics praising the combination of comedy and" action sequences that toy idly with the laws of physics"; some labeled it the best film in the series. Johnson was singled out for praise in numerous reviews for his performance, with critics calling him" the best thing, by far, in" Fast Five and remarking that scenes shared by Johnson and Diesel were often the" best moments". Despite the positive response, many were critical of the film's running time, considering it too long, and others criticized the treatment of women, stating"[ Women] cameo strikingly in buttock form. Others actually have first names." South American reviewers were critical of the film's portrayal of Rio de Janeiro as a haven for drug trafficking and corruption, labeling it a" stereotype". A sequel," Fast& Furious 6", was released in May 2013 to box office success, surpassing" Fast Five" as the highest- grossing film in the franchise. Another sequel," Furious 7", released in April 2015, soon surpassed" Fast& Furious 6", grossing over$ 1.5 billion worldwide.

Scotland Yard Hunts Dr. Mabuse
Scotland Yard Hunts Dr. Mabuse or Scotland Yard vs. Dr Mabuse( is a 1963 German crime film directed by Paul May and starring Peter van Eyck. " Scotland Yard vs. Dr. Mabuse" was distributed in West Germany by Gloria Film, premiering on 20 September 1963. The film was based on a story written by Bryan Edgar Wallace It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Albrecht Hennings and Hans Kuhnert

Dr. Mabuse the Gambler
Dr. Mabuse the Gambler is the first film in the Dr. Mabuse series about the character Doctor Mabuse who featured in the novels of Norbert Jacques. It was directed by Fritz Lang and released in 1922. The film is silent and would be followed by the sound sequels" The Testament of Dr. Mabuse"( 1933) and" The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse"( 1960). It is four and a half hours long and divided into two parts, originally released a month apart:" Der große Spieler: Ein Bild der Zeit" and" Inferno: Ein Spiel von Menschen unserer Zeit". The title," Dr. Mabuse, der Spieler", makes use of three meanings of the German" Der Spieler" which can mean" gamblerpuppeteer", or" actor". The character Dr. Mabuse, who disguises himself, manipulates people, and is a notorious gambler, embodies all senses of the word. Therefore," the Player" might be a more appropriate translation of the title. The film is included in the book" 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die", being the first of five Lang films to be entered.