Eva Demmerle
Eva Demmerle( born 18 December 1967) is a German historian and writer. She was political assistant of Otto von Habsburg.

Ferdinand Zvonimir von Habsburg
Ferdinand Zvonimir Maria Balthus Keith Michael Otto Antal Bahnam Leonhard von Habsburg-Lothringen, known colloquially as Ferdinand Habsburg (born 21 June 1997, in Salzburg), is an Austrian motor racing driver and the eldest son of Karl von Habsburg. A member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, he is considered first in the line of succession to the former Austro-Hungarian throne. Habsburg competes in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM). In November 2017, he finished 4th in the 2017 Macau Grand Prix after crashing at the final corner of the last lap whilst attempting to complete an overtake for the lead. He has also raced in the FIA Formula 3 European Championship.

Karl-Konstantin von Habsburg
Karl-Konstantin von Habsburg( Given names: Karl-Konstantin Michael Stephan Maria; born on 20 July 2004 in Budapest) referred to in Austria as Karl- Konstantin Habsburg- Lothringen, in Hungary as Habsburg Károly Konstantin, and also as Archduke Karl- Konstantin of Austria, is the only son of Georg von Habsburg and Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg., he is considered third in line of succession to the former Austro- Hungarian throne. He is the great- grandson of Emperor Charles I of Austria through his grandfather Otto von Habsburg. Through his maternal grandfather, he is a descendant of George II of Great Britain, and would therefore be in line for the British throne were he not a Catholic and barred by the Act of Settlement.

Mary von Habsburg
Countess Mary von Habsburg- Lothringen( née Mary Nyanut Ring Machar; born 1 July 1969) is a Sudanese woman who married into the House of Habsburg- Lorraine.

Michaela von Habsburg
Michaela von Habsburg(" Michaela Maria Madeleine Kiliana Habsburg- Lothringen") was born 13 September 1954, in Würzburg. She is the twin sister of Monika von Habsburg, and daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe- Meiningen.

Monika von Habsburg
Monika von Habsburg(" née" Monika Maria Roberta Antonia Raphaela Habsburg- Lothringen), Duchess de Santangelo( born 13 September 1954, in Würzburg), the daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe- Meiningen.

Andrea von Habsburg
Andrea von Habsburg(" Andrea Maria von Habsburg- Lothringen") Archduchess of Austria, Hereditary Countess of Neipperg,( born 30 May 1953, in Würzburg, Bavaria), is the first child and oldest daughter of Otto von Habsburg and his wife, Princess Regina of Saxe- Meiningen.

Karl von Habsburg
Karl von Habsburg (Karl Thomas Robert Maria Franziskus Georg Bahnam; born 11 January 1961), also known as Karl of Austria and referred to by his ancestral titles as Archduke of Austria, Royal Prince of Hungary, Bohemia and Croatia, is an Austrian politician, the current head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine which ruled the lands of the Habsburg Monarchy, the Empire of Austria, the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, and the Kingdom of Hungary as well as the Crown lands of Bohemia and Croatia by hereditary right until the end of World War I. Born in Starnberg, Germany, in 1961, he is the son of Archduke Otto von Habsburg, Crown Prince of Austria and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen, and the grandson of the last Austrian emperor, Charles I. He served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Austrian People's Party 1996–1999. Like his father, he is known as an advocate for the Pan-European movement.

Francesca von Habsburg
Francesca von Habsburg-Lothringen (born 7 June 1958) is an art collector and the estranged wife of Karl von Habsburg, current head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.

Georg von Habsburg
Georg von Habsburg( given names" Paul Georg Maria Joseph Dominikus"; born 16 December 1964, in Starnberg), referred to in Austria as Georg Habsburg- Lothringen, in Hungary as Habsburg György, and by his royal name as Archduke Georg of Austria, is the second son, and seventh and youngest child of Otto von Habsburg, the last Crown Prince of Austria- Hungary, and Princess Regina of Saxe- Meiningen.