Ghwarath ibn al-Harith
Ghwarath ibn al- Harith also known as Du'thar ibn al- Harith was a companion( Sahaba) of Muhammad. He was the first person to try and assassinate Muhammad during the Invasion of Dhi Amr.

Juwayriyya bint al-Harith
Juwayriya bint al-Harith (c. 608 – 676) was a wife of Muhammad and a Mother of the Believers. She married the Islamic prophet Muhammad when he was 58 years old and she was 20, thus placing the marriage in 627/8.

Lubaba bint al-Harith
Lubaba bint al- Harith( died c. 650), also known as Umm Fadl, was a prominent early Muslim. Two of her sisters, Maymuna bint al- Harith and Zaynab bint Khuzayma, became wives of Muhammad.

Zaynab bint Al-Harith
Zaynab bint Al- Harith( died 628) was a Jewish woman who lived in Khaybar, Arabia, in the early seventh century.

Muhammad
Muhammad (c. 570 CE – 8 June 632 CE) was an Arab religious, social and political leader and the founder of Islam. According to Islamic doctrine, he was a prophet, sent to present and confirm the monotheistic teachings preached previously by Adam, Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and other prophets. He is viewed as the final prophet of God in all the main branches of Islam, though some modern denominations diverge from this belief. Muhammad united Arabia into a single Muslim polity, with the Quran as well as his teachings and practices forming the basis of Islamic religious belief. He is referred to by many appellations, including Messenger of Allah, The Prophet Muhammad, Allah's Apostle, Last Prophet of Islam and others; there are also many variant spellings of Muhammad, such as Mohamet, Mahamad, Muhamad and many others. Born approximately 570CE (Year of the Elephant) in the Arabian city of Mecca, Muhammad was orphaned at the age of six. He was raised under the care of his paternal grandfather Abd al-Muttalib, and upon his death, by his uncle Abu Talib. In later years he would periodically seclude himself in a mountain cave named Hira for several nights of prayer. When he was 40, Muhammad reported being visited by Gabriel in the cave, and receiving his first revelation from God. Three years later, in 610, Muhammad started preaching these revelations publicly, proclaiming that "God is One", that complete "submissionislām") to God is the right way of life ("dīn"), and that he was a prophet and messenger of God, similar to the other prophets in Islam. The followers of Muhammad were initially few in number, and experienced hostility from Meccan polytheists. He sent some of his followers to Abyssinia in 615 to shield them from prosecution, before he and his followers migrated from Mecca to Medina (then known as Yathrib) in 622. This event, the "Hijra", marks the beginning of the Islamic calendar, also known as the Hijri Calendar. In Medina, Muhammad united the tribes under the Constitution of Medina. In December 629, after eight years of intermittent fighting with Meccan tribes, Muhammad gathered an army of 10,000 Muslim converts and marched on the city of Mecca. The conquest went largely uncontested and Muhammad seized the city with little bloodshed. In 632, a few months after returning from the Farewell Pilgrimage, he fell ill and died. By the time of his death, most of the Arabian Peninsula had converted to Islam. The revelations (each known as "Ayah" — literally, "Sign [of God]") that Muhammad reported receiving until his death form the verses of the Quran, regarded by Muslims as the verbatim "Word of God" on which the religion is based. Besides the Quran, Muhammad's teachings and practices ("sunnah"), found in the Hadith and "sira" (biography) literature, are also upheld and used as sources of Islamic law (see Sharia).

Stan Rice
Stan Rice( November 7, 1942 – December 9, 2002) was an American poet and artist. He was the husband of author Anne Rice.

Jon Leach
Jonathan Leach( born April 18, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is the husband of Lindsay Davenport.

Al-Harith ibn Abd al-Muttalib
Ḥārith ibn Abdul- Muṭṭalib was one of the uncles of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. He was the son of Abd al- Muttalib ibn Hashim, of the Quraysh in Mecca, by his first wife, Sumra bint Jundab, who was from Hawazin tribe. For a long time his father, who took from him the" kunya" Abu al- Harith, had no other children. It is said that al- Harith assisted Abd al- Muttalib with the excavation of the Zamzam Well by carrying away the dug earth. Al- Harith had at least five children. Al- Harith outlived his brother Abdullah, who died in late 570 or early 571, but he predeceased his father, who died in 579.

Sajah
Sajah bint Al- Harith ibn Suayd from the tribe of Banu Tamim, was an Arab Christian protected first by her tribe; then causing a split within the Banu Tamim and finally defended by Banu Hanifa. Her father, Al- Harith, belonged to the Bani Yarbu section of the Bani Tamim tribe. Her mother belonged to the Banu Taghlib tribe of Iraq.

Dalal Mesfer Al-Harith
Dalal Mesfer Al- Harith( born November 28, 1999) is a Qatari sprinter. She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's 400 metres race; her time of 1:07.12 in the heats did not qualify her for the semifinals.