Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Douglas Gordon
Douglas Gordon (born 20 September 1966) is a Scottish artist. He won the Turner Prize in 1996, the Premio 2000 at the 47th Venice Biennale in 1997 and the Hugo Boss Prize in 1998. He lives and works in Berlin, Germany.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Mami Kudo
and also the 48- hour run road discipline. In December 2011 Kudo reset her own 24- hour world record by running 255.303 km at the Soochow International 24 hour race in Taiwan. On 11–12 May 2013, Kudo won the IAU female 24- hour Road World Championship, setting a new world record of 24 hour Road. Kudo was selected as the Athlete of the Year by IAU for the years of 2012 and 2013.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

24 Hour Psycho
24 Hour Psycho is the title of an art installation created by artist Douglas Gordon in 1993. The work consists entirely of an appropriation of Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 "Psycho" slowed down to approximately two frames a second, rather than the usual 24. As a result, it lasts for exactly 24 hours, rather than the original 109 minutes. The film was an important work in Gordon's early career, and is said to introduce themes common to his work, such as "recognition and repetition, time and memory, complicity and duplicity, authorship and authenticity, darkness and light."

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.