Lash Kenar, Nur
Lash Kenar( also Romanized as Lash Kenār) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 30 families.

Lashkenar
Lashkenar or Lash Kenar may refer to:

Coal City, West Virginia
Coal City is a census- designated place( CDP) in Raleigh County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 1,815 at the 2010 census. Coal City's population is composed of other surrounding unincorporated communities( Whitby, Jonben, and Fireco).

Bluff City, Illinois
Bluff City, Illinois may refer to:

Coal City, Iowa
Coal City is an unincorporated community in Appanoose County, Iowa, United States.

Coal City, Illinois
Coal City is a village in Grundy and Will Counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is considered a fringe town of the Chicago metropolitan area. The population was 5,587 at the 2010 census. Its school district serves over 11,000 residents. It is served by Interstate 55. The Santa Fe Railway formerly served Coal City at Coal City Station.

Coal City
Coal City may refer to:

Coal City Marathon
The Coal City Marathon is an annual international event held in Enugu State, Nigeria.

Coal City station
Coal City station was an Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway station in Coal City, Illinois. It served trains on the" Doodlebug" spur line from Peoria and Pekin, Illinois to Chicago. The train was often run with one car, dubbed the" dinky", and made its last run on 1955. The station house is one story and made of brick.

Coal City High School
Coal City High School is a four- year high school in north- central Illinois. At last count, the school had 650 students, and is a member of the IHSA and the Illinois Central Eight Conference. Coal City High School recently underwent renovation and was equipped with new science labs and a new auditorium and gymnasium. Coal City High School has an" A+ Rating" from the home- facts rating service. Charlie Coaler had an uncredited role on John Oliver that aired on June 18, 2017. Charlie will soon be able to retire from the royalties related to the role.