The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec (film)
The Extraordinary Adventures of , released as Adèle: Rise of the Mummy in Malaysia and Singapore, is a 2010 French fantasy adventure feature film written and directed by Luc Besson. It is loosely based on the comic book series "The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec" by Jacques Tardi and, as in the comic, follows the eponymous writer and a number of recurring side characters in a succession of far-fetched incidents in 1910s Paris and beyond, in this episode revolving around parapsychology and ultra-advanced Ancient Egyptian technology, which both pastiche and subvert adventure and speculative fiction of the period. The primarily live-action film, shot in Super 35, incorporates much use of computer animation to portray its fanciful elements and contemporary action film special and visual effects within the form of the older-style adventure films they have largely superseded.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Luc Besson
Luc Besson (born 18 March 1959) is a French film director, screenwriter, and producer. He directed or produced the films "Subway" (1985), "The Big Blue" (1988), and "Nikita" (1990). Besson is associated with the "Cinéma du look" film movement. He has been nominated for a César Award for Best Director and Best Picture for his films  and . He won Best Director and Best French Director for his sci-fi action film "The Fifth Element" (1997). He wrote and directed the 2014 sci-fi action film "Lucy" and the 2017 space opera film "Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets". In 1980, he founded his own production company, Les Films du Loup, and, later, Les Films du Dauphin, which were superseded in 2000 by his co-founding EuropaCorp film company with his longtime collaborator, . As writer, director, or producer, Besson has so far been involved in the creation of more than 50 films.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Katie Leigh
Katherine" Katie" Leigh( born December 16, 1958) is an American voice actress, best known for her roles as Sunni Gummi in" Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears", Zuzu in" The Extraordinary Adventures of Poppy Cat", Alex in the first two seasons of" Totally Spies!", and as Connie Kendall in the Focus on the Family radio program" Adventures in Odyssey" since 1987. She has voice acted in both television, film and occasionally video game roles.

Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin
The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin is a 1994 comedy drama film directed by Jiří Menzel. The film entered the competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival, in which it won the President of the Italian Senate's Gold Medal. It is based on the novel" The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin" by Vladimir Voinovich and the scenario by Zdeněk Svěrák. It is a coproduction between Russia, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, France and Italy.

The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks
The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks is a 1924 comedy film by Soviet director Lev Kuleshov. It is notable as the first Soviet film that explicitly challenges American stereotypes about Soviet Russia.

William Boniface
William Boniface( born October 17, 1963) is an author of children's picture books, including the" Five Little ..." series," Max the Minnow" series, and" The Extraordinary Adventures of an Ordinary Boy" series. The" Ordinary Boy" books, which focus on a setting where everybody has a superpower, have been recommended for classroom use.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Olivier Bériot
Olivier Bériot( born 30 November 1962) is a French costume designer. He received César Award nominations for Best Costumes in 2011 for" The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc- Sec" and in 2014 for" Me, Myself and Mum".