Invading My Mind
" Invading My Mind" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album" Love?"( 2011). It was written by RedOne, AJ Junior, BeatGeek, Teddy Sky, Bilal" The Chef", Jimmy Joker and produced by RedOne, Lopez, Lady Gaga, BeatGeek, Jimmy Joker and Kuk Harrell. " Invading My Mind" is an uptempo song that speaks of being overcome with a feeling that's" attacking, invading my mind". " Invading My Mind" received generally positive acclaim from music critics, who thought of the song to be single- worthy. The song drew comparisons to Ace of Base's 1995 single" Beautiful Life" and to the music of Kylie Minogue. It additionally was compared to Lopez's own single" On the Floor", but with" more of a groove feel". Upon the release of" Love? Invading My Mind" debuted at number ten on the South Korea Gaon International Chart.

He Was a Friend of Mine
" He Was a Friend of Mine" is a traditional folk song in which the singer laments the death of a friend. Alan Lomax, first to collect the song, in 1939, described it as a" blues" that was" a dirge for a dead comrade."

Drown in My Mind
" Drown In My Mind" is the second single from Story Untold's debut album" Waves".

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Heather Headley
Heather Headley (born October 5, 1974) is a Trinidadian-American singer, songwriter, record producer, and actress. She won the 2000 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical for the titular role of "Aida". She also won the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary R&B Gospel Album for her album "Audience of One". In 2018, she recurred as Gwen Garrett on the NBC medical drama television series "Chicago Med".

Chahunga Main Tujhe
" Chahunga Main Tujhe" is an Indian Hindi song from the Bollywood film" Dosti"( 1964). The lyrics of the song was written by Majrooh Sultanpuri, and the music was composed by Laxmikant – Pyarelal. Mohammed Rafi was the playback singer of this song. In 1965 Majrooh Sultanpuri received Filmfare award in the best lyrics category for this song. Laxmikant – Pyarelal won their first Filmfare award for composing this song. Although the song became very popular and got Filmfare awards, the song was planned to be removed from the film. Mohammed Rafi insisted to keep the song in the film. He took only as his fee as the singer.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

In My Mind (Heather Headley song)
"In My Mind" is a song by American recording artist Shannon Sanders from his debut studio album, "Outta Nowhere" (1999). The song was covered by Trinidadian recording artist Heather Headley for her second studio album of the same name (2006). It was released on September 27, 2005 as the album's lead single, peaking at number seventy-five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in early April 2006, while the song's remixes by the Freemasons and Dave Hernandez topped the Hot Dance Club Play. Headley's version of the track appeared on the April 20, 2008 episode of the comedy-drama television series "The Game", titled "Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee".