Lilavati Singh
Lilavati Singh( 14 December 1868 – 9 May 1909) also seen as Lilivati Singh, was an Indian educator, professor of literature and philosophy at Isabella Thoburn College in Lucknow.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Bronislav Gimpel
Bronislav Gimpel( January 29, 1911 – May 1, 1979) was a Polish- American violinist, and teacher. He was born in Lemberg, Austria- Hungary, part of Polish Galicia( now Lviv, Ukraine), to a family of Jewish origin. Gimpel's older brother, Jakob Gimpel, was a noted concert pianist who also recorded music for motion pictures.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Jakob Gimpel
Jakob Gimpel( April 16, 1906 March 12, 1989) was a Polish concert pianist and educator. Jakob Gimpel was born in Lvov( then in Polish Galicia, part of the Austria- Hungarian Empire, and now Lviv, Ukraine). Gimpel's younger brother, Bronislav Gimpel, was a noted concert violinist, and his older brother, Karol Gimpel, was a pianist and conductor.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.