Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Edmund Lamb: Edmund George Lamb MA FCS FRGS( 8 July 1863 – 3 January 1925) was an English landowner, colliery proprietor, and radical Liberal Party politician.

Pamela Jain: Pamela Jain is an Indian playback singer. Date of Birth:16th March.

George Lamb (politician): The Hon. George Lamb( 11 July 1784 – 2 January 1834) was a British politician and writer. The youngest son of Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne, and his wife Elizabeth, and the brother of William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne, Frederick Lamb, 3rd Viscount Melbourne, and Emily Lamb, Countess Cowper, he was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated MA in 1805. On 17 May 1809, he married Caroline Rosalie Adelaide St. Jules, the illegitimate daughter of William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, by his mistress( and eventual second wife) Lady Elizabeth Foster. In 1805 his brother William had married Caroline's cousin Lady Caroline Ponsonby, whose affair with the poet Lord Byron led her to describe him as" mad, bad, and dangerous to know". The Lambs had no children and it was speculated that the marriage was never consummated. He became a barrister at Lincoln's Inn, and was Member of Parliament for Westminster from March 1819 to March 1820, and for Dungarvan from 1822 until his death. He served in Earl Grey's administration as Under- Secretary of State for the Home Department from 1830 until his death. His comic opera" Whistle for it" was produced in 1807, and his adaptations of Timon of Athens in 1816. His most important work, a translation of the poems of Catullus, was published in 1821.

Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne: Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne( 29 January 1745 – 22 July 1828), known as Sir Peniston Lamb, 2nd Baronet, from 1768 to 1770, was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1768 to 1793. He was the father of Prime Minister William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne.

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

George Hannah (footballer, born 1914): George Lamb Hannah( 25 September 1914 – 1977) was an English footballer.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Terence Robinson: Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.