Believe in Me (Bonnie Tyler song)
" Believe in Me" is a song by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler from her sixteenth studio album" Rocks and Honey"( 2013). American songwriter Desmond Child composed the song with British songwriters Lauren Christy and Christopher Braide. It was released as the album's lead single on 13 March 2013. The song was written to" uplift the world", and was completed by Child whilst having dinner with Tyler. The song was recorded in the Blackbird Studios, Nashville, Tennessee. The lyrics depict Tyler telling a lover who does not believe in love or religion to just believe in her. " Believe in Me" was selected as the 2013 Eurovision Song Contest entry for the United Kingdom. To comply with the song duration rules, the album version was cut to three minutes and three seconds for radio play and for live performance. The photograph used for the cover art was taken by Tyler's nephew, Andrew Hopkins. Following the Eurovision Song Contest, the song peaked at No. 93 in the United Kingdom, but did not chart elsewhere. " Believe in Me" received mixed reviews from music critics, and the song was largely blamed for Tyler's mediocre final score in the Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final. Despite the single's chart placing and result at Eurovision, both Tyler and the single won categories in the Eurovision Song Contest Radio Awards; the first time a UK representative has won in a category in the ESC Radio's history.

Mac Davis
Morris Mac Davis (born January 21, 1942) is an American country music singer, songwriter, and actor, originally from Lubbock, Texas, United States, who has enjoyed much crossover success. His early work writing for Elvis Presley produced the hits "MemoriesIn the GhettoDon't Cry Daddy", and "A Little Less Conversation". A subsequent solo career in the 1970s produced hits such as "Baby , Don't Get Hooked on Me". He also starred in his own variety show, a Broadway musical, and various films and TV shows.

I Believe in Music (song)
"I Believe in Music" is a 1970 song written and recorded by Mac Davis and later included on his second album "I Believe in Music". Gallery covered it in 1972 as the second of three singles on their "Nice to Be with You" album as the follow-up release to their title track. Gallery's version of the song reached No. 22 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 13 on the US "Cash Box" Top 100. It also reached No. 5 in Canada. Mac Davis's original version had been released as a single nearly two years earlier and made a minor dent in the pop charts (US No. 117). His version also reached No. 25 on the Adult Contemporary chart. It later became his signature song and an anthem of the early '70s.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

I Believe in Everything (song)
" I Believe in Everything" is a song by John Entwistle. " I Believe in Everything" was released as a single in 1971. The B-side was" My Size". The song also appears on Entwistle's debut solo album," Smash Your Head Against the Wall". When Entwistle was asked about the song in comparison to the rest of the album, he said: I've been saying a lot of stuff that I did n't really believe in. I sort of wrote it for the heads, really, the people thinking," ah, so that's where Entwistle's brain's at, he really sort of believes in the devil and hell and all that sort of business." So I wrote a number that touches on reincarnation, then goes into the absurd, with Father Christmas and the whole bit and right at the end just to prevent the heads from thinking that I did believe in everything like I was saying,' cause they always seem to believe that you actually believe in your own words. I believe in some of them but not all of them, so I just wrote the joke in to throw them off, and it's done it. The song ends with a chorus of" Rudolph the Red- Nosed Reindeer".

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

I Believe in Love (Bonnie Guitar song)
" I Believe in Love" is a song written by Boudleaux Bryant and recorded by American country artist, Bonnie Guitar. The song was recorded in January 1968 and officially released as a single in April. " I Believe in Love" peaked at number ten on the" Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart, becoming her third and final top ten on any" Billboard" list. The single also became Guitar's final major hit as a musical artist. Additionally," I Believe in Love" reached a peak of number thirty on the Canadian" RPM" Country Songs chart in August 1968. It became her final chart appearance on the latter chart. The single was later issued on Guitar's album for Dot Records, also entitled" I Believe in Love".

Emir Music
Emir Music( born 1 September 1964) is an Austrian/ Croatian football manager and former footballer who played as a striker.