Sue Fennessy
Sue Fennessy( born 25 July 1968) is an Australian- born American entrepreneur. She is the founder and CEO of WeAre8, the founder of the Standard Media Index( SMI), the founder of Frontiers Group LTD, and a fellow at Monash University.

Clive Holmes
Clive Jefferson Holmes( born August 1939) was the founder of the Life Insurance Association and the co-founder of the" Institute of Financial Planning"

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.

Tim League
Tim League is an American entrepreneur and film producer based in Austin, Texas. He is the founder of the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema chain and the founder of the film distribution company Drafthouse Films, where League has produced films including" The ABCs of Death".. He is also the co-founder of genre film festival Fantastic Fest, the co-founder of entertainment merchandise entity Mondo, and the co-founder of film distribution and production company Neon.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

Hugh McGary Jr.
Hugh McGary Jr. was the founder of Evansville, Indiana.

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Versus (Versace)
Versus (Versace) is the diffusion line of Italian luxury fashion house Versace. It began in 1989 as the first diffusion lines by the house, a gift by the founder Gianni Versace to his sister, Donatella Versace. After closing in 2005, Donatella resurrected it in 2009 with a capsule collection of accessories designed by emerging British designer Christopher Kane. The brand now comprises watches, leather accessories and ready-to-wear.

Gianni Versace
Giovanni Maria Versace (2 December 1946 – 15 July 1997) was an Italian fashion designer and founder of Versace, an international fashion house that produces accessories, fragrances, make-up, home furnishings, and clothes. He also designed costumes for theatre and films. As a friend of Eric Clapton; Diana, Princess of Wales; Naomi Campbell; Duran Duran; Kate Moss; Madonna; Elton John; Cher; Sting; Tupac; The Notorious B.I.G.; and many other celebrities, he was one of the first designers to link fashion to the music world. He and his partner Antonio D'Amico were regulars on the international party scene. On 15 July 1997, Versace was shot and killed outside his Miami Beach mansion Casa Casuarina at the age of 50.