Hacker (film)
Hacker( theatrically released as" Anonymous") is a 2016 crime thriller, directed by Akan Satayev, about a group of young hackers who get involved with an online crime group and black market dealers across Toronto, Hong Kong, New York and Bangkok. The cast consisted of Callan McAuliffe, Lorraine Nicholson, Daniel Eric Gold, and Clifton Collins Jr. The story was loosely based on real events. The screenplay was written by Timur Zhaxylykov and Sanzhar Sultan, who also produced in association with Brillstein Entertainment Partners. The film had a limited release in the US( under the title" Anonymous"), on December 2nd, 2016. Following that, Sony Pictures released the film on home entertainment.

Date at Midnight
Date at Midnight is a 1959 British crime film from the Danzigers.

Disaster Movie
Disaster Movie is a 2008 American parody film written and directed by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. It stars Matt Lanter, Vanessa Minnillo, Gary" G Thang" Johnson, Crista Flanagan, Nicole Parker, Ike Barinholtz, Carmen Electra, Tony Cox, and Kim Kardashian in her feature film debut. Released on August 29, 2008 by Lionsgate, the film is a parody of the disaster film genre and pop culture. The film was panned by critics and audiences for its forced humor, excessive references and poor directing, with many considering it to be worse than the previous movies created by Seltzer and Friedberg .. The movie received six nominations for the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards. On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes it received a 1% score and is considered by some to be one of the worst films of all time. It grossed nearly$ 35 million against a budget of$ 20 million.

Cayuco (film)
Cayuco is a Spanish documentary film from 2007.

21ème Siècle
21 ème Siècle is a 2004 film from Senegal.

Bombay Dreams (film)
Bombay Dreams is a Swedish comedy film from 2004.

One and Five
One and Five is a 1969 short film from Egypt.

Shima (film)
Shima is a 2007 film from Uzbekistan.

A Kind of America
A Kind of America is a Hungarian comedy film from 2002.

California Winter
California Winter is an American drama film from 2012.