Word Up! (magazine)
Word Up! was an American magazine focusing on teen entertainment and music. The magazine was part of Enoble Media Group. Its main focuses were African- American teen singers, rappers, models, and prodigies. The magazine came out monthly and usually had many posters and contests for fans of famous" To Die For" celebrities. It was very popular in the 1980s. The magazine mostly covered information concerning rap, Hip- hop and R&B music. The headquarters was in Paramus, New Jersey. As of 2012," Word Up" ceased publication. The last dated issue was April 2012.

Vsyakaya vsyachina
Vsyakaya vsyachina( which may be translated as" Tutti- Frutti" or All Sorts and Sundries) was a Russian weekly magazine, established in 1769. In 1770, there were 18 issues of the magazine entitled" Барышек всякия всячин ы"( Baryshek vsyakiya vsyachiny). Empress Catherine II was a private editor- in- chief of the magazine. " Vsyakaya vsyachina" ridiculed the morals and manners of the Russian gentry and protected moderate moralizing satire. At the same time, the magazine came out against oppositionary moods in the society, primarily attacking progressive satiric magazines published by Nikolay Novikov.

New American
New American may refer to:

Investors Chronicle
The Investors Chronicle is a weekly magazine in the United Kingdom for private investors and is published by the" Financial Times" Group. The magazine publishes articles about global markets and sectors, and news on corporate actions such as takeovers and share issues. It was established in 1860, and has been considered a" highly influential magazine".

The New American
The New American( TNA) is a far- right print magazine published twice a month by American Opinion Publishing Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the John Birch Society( JBS), a far- right organization. The magazine was created in 1985 from the merger of two JBS magazines:" American Opinion" and" The Review of the News".

Chronicon
In historiography, a chronicon is a type of chronicle or annals. Examples are:

Personal Computer World
Personal Computer World( PCW)( February 1978- June 2009) was the first British computer magazine. Although for at least the last decade it contained a high proportion of Windows PC content( reflecting the state of the IT field), the magazine's title was not intended as a specific reference to this. At its inception in 1978' personal computer' was still a generic term( the Apple II, PET 2001 and TRS- 80 had been launched as personal computers in 1977.) The magazine came out before the Wintel( or IBM PC compatible) platform existed; the original IBM PC itself was introduced in 1981. Similarly, the magazine was unrelated to the Amstrad PCW.

Boa Vista (literary magazine)
Boa Vista( Portuguese for" beautiful view") was a German literary magazine, founded in Hamburg in 1974 and published until 1983. The magazine came out at irregular intervals and produced ten issues.

New American Press
New American Press is an American not-for-profit literary press founded in 2001, and located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, publishing poetry, fiction and nonfiction. New American Press was founded in 2001 as part of American Distractions, an arts-support initiative in North Carolina that supported gallery shows, fringe theater events, short film viewings, and literary events. When the company disbanded in 2002, David Bowen and Okla Elliott reformed the literary arm of the company as New American Press. New American Press originally published chapbooks, and released its first full-length in 2007, a collection of lesser-known Chekhov stories, each introduced by a contemporary writer. The press publishes the winners of its national poetry and fiction competitions, as well as solicited works, both original and translated into English. The press achieved non-profit status in 2012. Notable authors published by New American Press include Kyle Minor, Lee K. Abbott, Alden Jones, Icelandic author Olafur Gunnarsson, and Thomas E Kennedy. The press also publishes New Stories from the Midwest and New Poetry from the Midwest. New American Press titles have been reviewed in The Star-Ledger, The Rumpus, Three Percent, The Huffington Post, Publishers Weekly, Library Journal, Kirkus Reviews, Booklist, American Book Review, and many other publications. Awards given by New American Press include the New American Fiction Prize and The New American Poetry Prize. The press is also affiliated with MAYDAY magazine, a journal of art, literature, and commentary.

Gillian O'Connor
Gillian O'Connor( 11 August 1941- 2016) was a British journalist, and the editor of the" Investors Chronicle" from 1982 to 1994.