Ilir Hoxha
Ilir Hoxha( born March 31, 1949 in Tirana, Albania) is one of the sons of former Albanian leader Enver Hoxha. Ilir was imprisoned a few years after his father's death, but was released in 1996. Ilir has been called in to testify several times in an attempt to disclose secrets from the previous communist era. Ilir wrote a memoir in 1995 called" My Father, Enver Hoxha". The article recounts Ilir's memories of his father's death, the impact it had on the family, his mother's struggles, and also the investigation and prosecution that was conducted on him after his father's death. During the 2005 election campaign in Albania, Ilir campaigned for candidates of the Party of Labour of Albania( 2002). Ilir still resides in Albania.

Denise Boutte
Denise Boutte is an American actress and model, who has appeared in the films" Why Did I Get Married?" as Trina,, as Mandy," Sister's Keeper" and" Noah's Arc". She starred in the sitcom" Meet the Browns" as Sasha Brown.

Michael Jai White
Michael Richard Jai White( born November 10, 1967) is an American actor, director, and martial artist. He is the first African American to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture, having starred as Al Simmons, the protagonist in the 1997 film" Spawn". White appeared as Marcus Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?" and" Why Did I Get Married Too?", and starred as the character on the TBS/ OWN comedy- drama television series" Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse". White portrayed Jax Briggs in and the Cyborg Seth in, the return. He portrayed boxer Mike Tyson in the 1995 HBO television movie" Tyson". He also played the title role in the blaxploitation parody film" Black Dynamite", as well as the animated series of the same name.

Edward Henty
Edward Henty (28 March 1810 – 14 August 1878), was a pioneer and first permanent settler in the Port Phillip district (later Victoria), Australia. Henty was born in Tarring, West Sussex, England, the fourth surviving son of Thomas Henty, who came of a well-known Sussex banking family, and his wife Frances Elizabeth Hopkins of Poling, West Sussex. Thomas Henty inherited £30,000 on 21 years of age and bought the property generally called the Church Farm at West Tarring, and bred Merino sheep. Some of these were sent to Australia in 1821 and brought high prices. The family was a large one, eventually seven sons and one daughter grew to maturity, and it was thought that there might be better opportunities for the sons in Australia than in England. In 1829 James Henty, the eldest son, went to Western Australia with his two brothers, Stephen and John. They remained for two years and then left for Tasmania. In the meanwhile Thomas Henty had sold his English property and also sailed for Tasmania. He arrived at Launceston in April 1832 with three more of his sons, Charles, Edward and Francis. It was difficult to find suitable land in Tasmania and Edward was sent to explore the coast of the mainland. He reported that the district near Portland Bay had good possibilities, and after revisiting it with his father, it was decided that the land was suitable for settlement. Edward went first on the "Thistle" with labourers, stock, potatoes and seed. After a voyage of 34 days the "Thistle" arrived at Portland Bay on 19 November 1834 at 8 a.m. Edward Henty told the anecdote,
The second vessel brought Mr. Francis Henty, who landed on 11 December and in course of time Mr. Stephen and Mr. Thomas followed. Sheep were fetched across from Tasmania, pastures occupied, houses erected and land cultivated. The Henty brothers also engaged on bay whaling at Portland in the 1830s. The whale oil and baleen taken from southern right whales was shipped to Tasmania for export to London. The British government had been keen to have land taken up in Western Australia and the Henty′s had assumed no objections would be raised to their obtaining land in the Port Phillip district. The application was first made in 1834 and negotiations continued for many years. The father, Thomas Henty, died in 1839, and it was not until 1846 that the matter was finally settled, when the Hentys were allowed £348 for improvements at the port, and were granted of land valued at £1290. The remainder of their land they had to buy at auction. The attitude of the government at Sydney to new settlers may be illustrated by an extract from a dispatch of the governor, Sir George Gipps, to Lord John Russell, dated 11 April 1840. The thought that the many thousands of pounds spent by the Hentys in developing the country might eventually be of benefit to the state had apparently not entered into the minds of the authorities. Neither could they have anticipated that the first sale of crown lands which took place a few months later would yield the sum of £17,245. Edward Henty was determined to continue with his settlement; his brother, Francis, had joined him in December 1834, and during the next five years other members of the family joined him, and gradually all of their horses, cattle and sheep were transferred from Tasmania. On 29 August 1836 the exploring party headed by Major Thomas Livingstone Mitchell reached Portland Bay and were amazed to find the country already colonised. In later years Edward Henty was fond of telling the story of Major Mitchell when he came to a hut, from which blows of a hammer rang, saying, Where is Mr Henty, my man, and the reply of the burly blacksmith, Here he is at your service. From Major Mitchell Henty learned the character of the land to the north, and gradually he was able to acquire more land. In 1845 he had over 70,000 acres (280 km²). Sometimes the price of wool and sheep fell very low and it was impossible to sell either to advantage; but over the years the stations prospered. In 1855 Edward Henty was elected a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly for Normanby and was re-elected in 1859. He was defeated in 1861 and did not sit again in parliament. Henty's last years were spent in retirement at his Melbourne mansion 'Offington' and he died on 14 August 1878. In October 1840 he married Annie Maria Gallie who survived him. They had no children. Edward Henty in addition to being the first permanent settler in Victoria was the founder of the wool industry in that colony. His portrait is in the historical collection at the Melbourne public library.

Thomas Henty
Thomas Henty (born Thomas John Cooper 19January 195613August 1988) was an English actor, and the son of the magician and prop comedian Tommy Cooper. He attended Sutton Court Primary School in Chiswick, and Latymer Upper School, Hammersmith from September 1965. He went on to appear alongside his father in an episode of the Thames Television variety series "London Night Out" in 1979, as well as in four episodes of the series "Cooper's Half Hour" in 1980, also for Thames. He also acted as occasional stage manager to his father, and was backstage when Cooper died in front of a live television audience at Her Majesty's Theatre on 15April 1984. In addition to his work with his father, Henty was an actor in his own right. His desire to make his own mark in the field was behind his decision to adopt his mother's maiden name. In an archive interview with the television personality Frank Bough, included in the ITV documentary "The Unforgettable Tommy Cooper" (2001), Henty said that he did not want people in the acting profession to know that he was Cooper's son. Henty made appearances in episodes of the television series "Robin of Sherwood" (1984) and "Just Good Friends" (1986), as well as the film "Bellman and True" (1987). His role in "Bellman and True" was his last. In 1988 Henty's marriage collapsed after seven years. He died on 13 August 1988, aged 32, of haemophilia, following complications caused by liver failure. Doctors had attempted to pump seventy pints of new blood into his body, but the blood failed to clot and after three days his mother took the decision to have his life support machine switched off, four years after his father's death. He left a six-year-old son.

Richard T. Jones
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor. Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010). He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.

Tasha Smith
Tasha Smith( born February 28, 1971) is an American actress, director and producer. She began her career in a starring role on the NBC comedy series" Boston Common"( 1996 – 97), and she later appeared in numerous movies and television series. Smith has appeared in films include" The Whole Ten Yards"( 2004)," Daddy's Little Girls"( 2007)," The Longshots"( 2008)," Couples Retreat"( 2009), and" Jumping the Broom"( 2011). She starred as Angela Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007), its sequel" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010), and on the television series based on the movies," For Better or Worse"( 2011–2017). In 2015, she began a recurring role as Carol Holloway on the Fox musical drama series" Empire". Later in the same year, Smith made her directorial debut.

Thomas Henty (Australian politician)
Thomas Henty MLC( 24 August 1836 – 22 September 1887), was a pastoralist and politician in the early days of Victoria, Australia.

Tommy Cooper
Thomas Frederick Cooper (19 March 1921 – 15 April 1984) was a British prop comedian and magician. He habitually wore a red fez, and his appearance was large and lumbering, at and more than in weight. On 15 April 1984, Cooper died of a heart attack live on television.

Lamman Rucker
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films " Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation. In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".