A Shoulder to Cry On (Tommy Page song): " A Shoulder to Cry On" is a ballad performed by American singer- songwriter Tommy Page. Released in 1988, the song became one of Page's early hits, peaking at number 29 on the" Billboard" Hot 100. Lyrically, the song is about a man who will be" a shoulder to cry on" for his friend( possibly his lover).

Alonso Mudarra: Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Arthur Alexander: Arthur Alexander (May 10, 1940 – June 9, 1993) was an American country songwriter and soul singer. Jason Ankeny, music critic for AllMusic, said Alexander was a "country-soul pioneer" and that, though largely unknown, "his music is the stuff of genius, a poignant and deeply intimate body of work on par with the best of his contemporaries. " Alexander's songs were covered by such stars as the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, Gerry and the Pacemakers, Otis Redding, Tina Turner and Jerry Lee Lewis.

You Wouldn't Know (Bee Gees song): " You Would n't Know" is a song written by Barry Gibb which was recorded by the Bee Gees and released as the B-side of their version of" Every Day I Have to Cry" and later included on the album" The Bee Gees Sing and Play 14 Barry Gibb Songs"( 1965). The album of the same name was released in Europe by Tring Records and features the Bee Gees songs from 1963- 1966.

Walter Robinson (composer): Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Every Day I Have to Cry (song): "Every Day I Have to Cry", also known as "Every Day I Have to Cry Some", is a song written by Arthur Alexander and first recorded by Steve Alaimo in 1962. Although the song has been recorded by many musicians over the years, Alexander did not record his own version until 1975. His version went to #46 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart (and #45 "Cash Box"). None of the other versions made it into the Top 40 on the US chart. It became Alaimo's greatest hit, his second of nine charting singles.

Alexandru Cristea: Alexandru Cristea( 1890 – 1942) was the composer of the music for" Limba Noastră", current national anthem of Moldova.

Petrus de Domarto: Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.

Alexander Courage: Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Julie Grant: Julie Grant( born 12 July 1946) is an English pop music singer, who was mainly active during the 1960s. She had three hits on the UK Singles Chart with" Up on the RoofCount on Me"( both 1963) and" Come to Me"( 1964). She also recorded a cover version of" Every Day I Have to Cry"( 1964). Grant was a contemporary of Petula Clark and Cilla Black, and Allmusic journalist, Richie Unterberger, noted" she had a strong, versatile voice" but was hindered by" her inability to carve out a recognizable stylistic niche".