University, Minneapolis
University is a community in Minneapolis. It is composed of six smaller neighborhoods. It also contains the University of Minnesota campus and the Mid- City Industrial Area, which is not assigned to an official neighborhood.

Industrial Complex at 221 McKibbin Street
The Industrial Complex at 221 McKibbin Street is an American historic industrial complex, located in the East Williamsburg neighborhood of the Brooklyn borough of New York City, New York.

Osukuru Industrial Complex
The Osukuru Industrial Complex, sometimes referred to as Sukulu Industrial Complex, is a set of related industries, in the mining and manufacturing sectors, under construction in Uganda, the third- largest economy in the East African Community.

Medical–industrial complex
The medical – industrial complex is the network of corporations which supply health care services and products for a profit. The term is analogous to" military – industrial complex" and builds from the social precedent of discussion on that concept. The medical – industrial complex is often discussed in the context of conflict of interest in the health care industry.

City Industrial Complex
City Industrial Complex( –" Mojatme‘ Şan‘atī- ye Shahr") is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 6 families.

Tatarbunary Raion
Tatarbunary Raion is a raion( district) in Odessa Oblast of Ukraine. The raion is located in the south- west part of the oblast, along the Black Sea coast, and it is part of the historical region of Bessarabia. Its administrative center is the city of Tatarbunary. Population: Geographically, there are 1 city( Tatarbunary), and 35 villages in the raion. Administratively, there are 1 City Council( Tatarbunary), and 18 Village Councils.

White savior
The term white savior, sometimes combined with savior complex to write white savior complex, refers to a white person who acts to help non-white people, with the help in some contexts perceived to be self- serving. The role is considered a modern- day version of what is expressed in the poem" The White Man's Burden"( 1899) by Rudyard Kipling. The term has been associated with Africa, and certain characters in film and television have been critiqued as white savior figures. Writer Teju Cole combined the term and" industrial complex"( derived from military- industrial complex and similarly applied elsewhere) to coin" White Savior Industrial Complex".

Peace–industrial complex
In political science, political economics, and peace and conflict studies, referring to the military – industrial complex, the peace – industrial complex defines the industry and economy derived from development, peacemaking, peacebuilding, and conflict resolution at both the domestic and foreign levels. While some scholars( Seiberling 1972) argue that the peace – industrial complex must oppose the military- industrial complex, others( Aberkane 2012) argue it is destined to become its natural, peaceful evolution, and further call it the" military- industrial complex 2.0". The latter argue the peace- industrial complex more precisely consists of turning military research and development into civilian technology as systematically as possible. Although it has been discussed in more recent times the concept was introduced as early as in 1969 by the U.S. Senate Committee on Government Operations.

Industrial complex (disambiguation)
Industrial complex may refer to:

Karju
Karju( also Romanized as Karjū; also known as Qaraju) is a village in Abidar Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,172, in 476 families.