My Little Eye
My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times. The idea for the film came from reality television shows such as" Big Brother". The title refers to the guessing game I spy.

Beauties on Bicycles
Beauties on Bicycles (Italian: Bellezze in) is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Silvana Pampanini and Delia Scala. It was filmed at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome with sets designed by Alfredo Montori. The film was one of the more popular productions released that year and was a financial success. Two young women travelling towards Milan to try to secure roles in a new musical comedy show enjoy a series of adventures which involve pretending to be soldiers and taking party in a bicycle race.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.

Mama's Little Pirate
Mama's Little Pirate is a 1934" Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gus Meins. It was the 132nd" Our Gang" short( 44th talking episode) that was released.

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol(" When the River Kabani Turned Red") is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer, produced by Pavithran, and starring T. V. Chandran, Shalini, Raveendran and J. Siddiqui. This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period. It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer, who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards. Pavithran, who later directed many critically acclaimed Malayalam films produced the film. T. V. Chandran, who also later went on to direct a bevy of award- winning films in Malayalam and Tamil, played the lead role. After certain post-production controversies, the film debuted in theatres on 16 July 1976.

Such a Little Pirate
Such a Little Pirate is a lost 1918 American silent Pirate adventure film directed by George Melford and starring Lila Lee as a young sea-going heroine and Theodore Roberts as her grandfather. It was produced by Adolph Zukor and Jesse Lasky.

Mama's Little Girl (disambiguation)
Mama's Little Girl can refer to

Beauties on Motor Scooters
Beauties on Motor Scooters( Italian: Bellezze in moto-scooter) is a 1952 Italian comedy film by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Isa Barzizza, Virginia Belmont and Fulvia Franco.

The Fabulous Senorita
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.