Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Ashes and Diamonds (film): Ashes and Diamonds( Polish: Popiół i diament) is a 1958 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda, based on the 1948 novel by Polish writer Jerzy Andrzejewski. Starring Zbigniew Cybulski and Ewa Krzyżewska, it completed Wajda's war films trilogy, following" A Generation"( 1954) and" Kanal"( 1956). The action of" Ashes and Diamonds" takes place in 1945, shortly after World War II. The main protagonist of the film, former Home Army soldier Maciek Chełmicki, is acting in the anti-Communist underground. Maciek receives an order to kill Szczuka, the local secretary of the Polish Workers' Party. Over time, Chełmicki increasingly doubts if his task is worth doing. " Ashes and Diamonds", although based on the novel which directly supported the postwar Communist system in Poland, was subtly modified in comparison with the source material. Wajda sympathized with the soldiers of the Polish independence underground; thus, he devoted most of the attention to Chełmicki. During the three- month development of" Ashes and Diamonds", the director made drastic changes to the baseline scenario, thanks to his assistant director Janusz Morgenstern, as well as Cybulski, who played the leading role. The film received permission from the authorities to be distributed only through Andrzejewski's intercession. The film did not receive permission to be screened at the main competition at the Cannes Film Festival. However," Ashes and Diamonds" appeared at the Venice Film Festival, where it won the FIPRESCI award. At first," Ashes and Diamonds" met positive critical reception, both in Poland and worldwide. However, after the Revolutions of 1989, it was criticized for falsifying the collective memory of Polish partisans. Nevertheless, the film maintained the reputation of one of the most famous Polish motion pictures in history.

Michael Govan: Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Harald Reinl: Harald Reinl (8 July 1908 in Bad Ischl, Austria – 9 October 1986 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain) was an Austrian film director. He is known for the films he made based on Edgar Wallace and Karl May books (see Karl May movies and Edgar Wallace movies) and also made mountain films, Heimatfilms, German war films and entries in such popular German film series as "Dr. MabuseJerry Cotton" and "Kommissar X". Reinl began his career as an extra in the mountain films of Arnold Fanck. He worked as screenwriter on the film "Tiefland" directed by and starring Leni Riefenstahl. Reinl's first movie as director was the mountain film "Mountain Crystal" (1949). He was Oscar nominated for his documentary feature "Chariots of the Gods" (1970). By the 1970s, he had semi-retired to the Canary Islands. In 1986, in his Tenerife retirement home, he was stabbed to death by Daniela Maria Delis, his alcoholic wife and a former actress from Czechoslovakia.

John Donatich: John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Blood and Diamonds: Blood and Diamonds is a 1978 Italian crime film directed by Fernando di Leo.

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Death and Diamonds (film): Death and Diamonds  is a 1968 German thriller film directed by Harald Reinl and starring George Nader, Carl Möhner and Heinz Weiss. It was part of the Jerry Cotton series of films about an FBI agent. It was shot at the Tempelhof Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art director Ernst H. Albrecht. Location shooting took place in Los Angeles, Berlin and the Dalmatian coast.

Dana Blankstein: Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

John Farrell (businessman): John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.