LeftLion
LeftLion is a printed and online culture and listings magazine which covers Nottingham. It was originally set up by three childhood friends, Jared Wilson, Alan Gilby and Tim Bates, and launched as a website on 1 September 2003. The first issue of the printed magazine came out a year later in Autumn 2004. The printed magazine was published bi-monthly from 2004- 2014. Then, following a successful crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter they raised the funds to publish the magazine monthly, which it has done ever since. The online magazine is updated daily. The publication takes its name from a stone lion in Nottingham's Old Market Square, which since Nottingham Council House was built in the 1920s has served as a meeting point for people in Nottingham City Centre.

Free China
The term" Free China" may mean:

Flagship magazine
Flagship Magazine was an independent magazine for gamers. Published in the UK, it started in 1983 for Play- by- mail game( PBM) players. In 2002 it extended its coverage to include boardgames, role- playing games, web games and massively multiplayer online games, along with collectible card games and computer games. The magazine came out bimonthly with game reviews, diaries, news columns and an emphasis on reader feedback. Founded in 1983 by Nick Palmer and Chris Harvey," Flagship" was edited by Carol Mulholland from issue 70. Shortly after publishing issue 130 in 2010 Carol Mulholland suffered a serious illness and the magazine ceased publication.

Budapest Business Journal
The Budapest Business Journal or" BBJ" is an English- language biweekly magazine published in Hungary. It is the largest, oldest and a leading publication in its category in the country.

Personal Computer World
Personal Computer World( PCW)( February 1978- June 2009) was the first British computer magazine. Although for at least the last decade it contained a high proportion of Windows PC content( reflecting the state of the IT field), the magazine's title was not intended as a specific reference to this. At its inception in 1978' personal computer' was still a generic term( the Apple II, PET 2001 and TRS- 80 had been launched as personal computers in 1977.) The magazine came out before the Wintel( or IBM PC compatible) platform existed; the original IBM PC itself was introduced in 1981. Similarly, the magazine was unrelated to the Amstrad PCW.

Neue Grafik
Neue Grafik was a quarterly graphic design journal founded in 1958. The journal disseminated the tenets of the International Typographic Style and was key in its emergence as a movement. Eighteen issues of the journal were published from 1958 to 1965.

Word Up! (magazine)
Word Up! was an American magazine focusing on teen entertainment and music. The magazine was part of Enoble Media Group. Its main focuses were African- American teen singers, rappers, models, and prodigies. The magazine came out monthly and usually had many posters and contests for fans of famous" To Die For" celebrities. It was very popular in the 1980s. The magazine mostly covered information concerning rap, Hip- hop and R&B music. The headquarters was in Paramus, New Jersey. As of 2012," Word Up" ceased publication. The last dated issue was April 2012.

Free China Journal
Free China Journal was a periodical that was published by the Republic of China( ROC) government after its retreat to Taiwan following the Chinese Civil War. The first issue was published on November 1949. Its chief executive was Hu Shih and its editor- in- chief was Lei Chen. The publication was sponsored by the Kuomintang- led government to act as a forum for free thought and discussion against the People's Republic of China. Its popularity soared as the editors and writers analyzed political situations at the time, sometimes even advising or criticizing the government in earnest. The publication ceased in 1960 when the government forced a shut- down after Lei criticized Chiang Kai- shek for running for President unconstitutionally and promoted forming" Democratic Republic of Chinese Taiwan"( 中華臺灣民主國) to counter the People's Republic of China. The final issue was published on September 1, 1960.

The Art Journal
The Art Journal, published in London, was the most important Victorian magazine on art. It was founded in 1839 by Hodgson& Graves, print publishers, 6 Pall Mall, with the title the Art Union Monthly Journal( or" The Art Union"), the first issue of 750 copies appearing 15 February 1839.

Vsyakaya vsyachina
Vsyakaya vsyachina( which may be translated as" Tutti- Frutti" or All Sorts and Sundries) was a Russian weekly magazine, established in 1769. In 1770, there were 18 issues of the magazine entitled" Барышек всякия всячин ы"( Baryshek vsyakiya vsyachiny). Empress Catherine II was a private editor- in- chief of the magazine. " Vsyakaya vsyachina" ridiculed the morals and manners of the Russian gentry and protected moderate moralizing satire. At the same time, the magazine came out against oppositionary moods in the society, primarily attacking progressive satiric magazines published by Nikolay Novikov.