Lionel Giles
Lionel Giles (29 December 1875 – 22 January 1958) was a British sinologist, writer, and philosopher. Lionel Giles served as assistant curator at the British Museum and Keeper of the Department of Oriental Manuscripts and Printed Books. He is most notable for his 1910 translation of "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu and The Analects of Confucius. Giles was the son of British diplomat and sinologist Herbert Giles.

Donnie Elbert
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.

Herbert Giles
Herbert Allen Giles (/ˈdʒaɪlz/, 8 December 184513 February 1935) was a British diplomat and sinologist who was the professor of Chinese at Cambridge University for 35 years. Giles was educated at Charterhouse School before becoming a British diplomat in China. He modified a Mandarin Chinese romanisation system established by Thomas Wade, resulting in the widely known Wade–Giles Chinese romanisation system. Among his many works were translations of the "Analects of Confucius", the "Lao Tzu (Tao Te Ching)", the "Chuang Tzu", and, in 1892, the widely published "A Chinese-English Dictionary".

Lie Yukou
Lie Yukou( fl. ca. 400 BCE) is considered the author of the Daoist book" Liezi", which uses his honorific name Liezi. The second Chinese character in Yukou is written" koubandit; enemy"; the first is written" yuimprisonyuresist; ward off", or occasionally" yudrive( carriage); ride( horse); control"( the" Zhuangzi" claims Liezi could" yufengride the wind"). Lie Yukou was born in the State of Zheng, near today's Zhengzhou, Henan Province. There is little historical evidence of Lie Yukou as a Hundred Schools of Thought philosopher during the Warring States period. This could be due to the burning of books and burying of scholars which occurred during the reign of Qin Shi Huang. However, some scholars believe that the" Zhuangzi" invented him as a Daoist exemplar. Frederic H. Balfour, who translated several Daoist texts, called Liezi" a philosopher who never lived"( 1887:?) Lionel Giles expresses doubt in his Introduction: Very little is known of our author beyond what he tells us himself. His full name was Lieh Yü- k'ou, and it appears that he was living in the Chêng State not long before the year 398 BC, when the Prime Minister Tzu Yang was killed in a revolution. He figures prominently in the pages of Chuang Tzu, from whom we learn that he could' ride upon the wind'. On the insufficient ground that he is not mentioned by the historian Ssu-ma Ch'ien, a certain critic of the Sung dynasty was led to declare that Lieh Tzu was only a fictitious personage invented by Chuang Tzu, and that the treatise which passes under his name was a forgery of later times. This theory is rejected by the compilers of the great Catalogue of Ch'ien Lung's Library, who represent the cream of Chinese scholarship in the eighteenth century. In the above quote Mr. Lionel Giles may have been refuting his father Herbert Allen Giles, who wrote of Lie Yukou or Lieh- Tzu in his translation of Chuang Tzu. Here is his quote which runs as follows: The extent of the actual mischief done by this" Burning of the Books" has been greatly exaggerated. Still, the mere attempt at such a holocaust gave a fine chance to the scholars of the later Han dynasty( A.D. 25- 221), who seem to have enjoyed nothing so much as forging, if not the whole, at any rate portions, of the works of ancient authors. Some one even produced a treatise under the name of Lieh Tzu, a philosopher mentioned by Chuang Tzu, not seeing that the individual in question was a creation of Chuang Tzu's brain!

Bryant Giles
Bryant Lionel Giles( died 12 August 2018) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Gumeracha from 1968 to 1970 for the Liberal and Country League.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.

Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".