Kim Se-yol: Kim Se- yol( Korean: 김세열) is a South Korean former competitive figure skater. He competed at the 1992 World Championships and finished 31st. Following his retirement from competitive skating, he became a coach and choreographer. Among his current and former students are Lee Kyu -hyun, Kim Yuna, and Lee Dong- whun.

J. Lee: J. Lee( sometimes credited as J Lee) is an American actor, writer and occasional musician known for playing Lt. John LaMarr on the Fox science fiction comedy television series" The Orville".

Euna Lee: Euna Lee( Hangul: 리유나)( born 1972) is a Korean American journalist who has worked for Current TV since 2005. Lee and fellow journalist Laura Ling were detained in North Korea after they crossed into the Democratic People's Republic of Korea from the People's Republic of China without a visa. They were found guilty of illegal entry and sentenced to twelve years' hard labor in June 2009. The United States Government protested the sentences, and implemented diplomatic efforts in order to secure the release of both Lee and Ling. On 4 August 2009 Lee and Ling were pardoned by the North Korean government after a special humanitarian visit by former U.S. President Bill Clinton. Lee was born and raised in South Korea, and moved to the United States in order to attend Academy of Art University, where she received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Film and Broadcasting. She graduated from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 2012. She is married to actor Michael Saldate; they have a daughter, Hana. On 4 August 2009, former US President Bill Clinton visited North Korea in an attempt to free Lee and fellow journalist Laura Ling. The North Korean government pardoned both Lee and Ling after meeting with Clinton that day. Human rights activists in South Korea accused Lee and Ling of placing North Korean refugees in danger through their actions. In 2011, Lee and Ling received the McGill Medal for Journalistic Courage from the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication.

The Art of Woo: The Art of Woo is a 2001 Canadian romantic comedy film written and directed by Helen Lee and starring Sook- Yin Lee and Adam Beach.

Pete Carril: Peter Joseph Carril( born July 10, 1930) is an American former basketball coach. He is best known for his time as head coach of Princeton University for 30 years and his use of the' Princeton offense'. He also coached at Lehigh University and in the NBA as an assistant with the Sacramento Kings.

Sydney Smith Lee: Sydney Smith Lee( September 2, 1802 – July 22, 1869), called Smith Lee in his lifetime, was an American naval officer who served as a captain in the Confederate States Navy during the American Civil War. He was the third child of Henry" Light Horse Harry" Lee and Anne Hill Carter Lee, and the older brother of Confederate general Robert E. Lee.

Godwin Davy: Godwin Davy( born 15 December 1979) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He made his international debut in a World Cup qualifying match against El Salvador, resulting in a lopsided match, losing 12- 0 in February 2008, and also played in the 4 – 0 loss to the same country in the return match in March 2008.

Phil Ryan (musician): Phil Ryan( 21 October 1946 – 30 April 2016) was a Welsh keyboardist and composer, best known for his work with Man and Pete Brown.

Lee and Herring: Lee and Herring were a British standup comedy double act consisting of the comedians Stewart Lee and Richard Herring. They were most famous for their work on television, most notably" Fist of Fun" and" This Morning with Richard Not Judy" but had been working together on stage and on radio since the late 1980s. As with many double acts, Lee and Herring performed as contrasting personalities: one mature and duplicitous( Lee) and the other puerile and cheeky( Herring). As with several other double acts, Lee and Herring had a certain irony to their style and constantly checked themselves and made reference to this. The characters of Lee and Herring were parodies and exaggerations of their real life selves. In 2011, Frank Skinner cited Lee and Herring as one of his favourite comedy double acts, alongside Laurel and Hardy, The Two Ronnies and Reeves and Mortimer.

Euna Lee: Euna Lee( Hangul: 리유나)( born 1972) is a Korean American journalist who has worked for Current TV since 2005. Lee and fellow journalist Laura Ling were detained in North Korea after they crossed into the Democratic People's Republic of Korea from the People's Republic of China without a visa. They were found guilty of illegal entry and sentenced to twelve years' hard labor in June 2009. The United States Government protested the sentences, and implemented diplomatic efforts in order to secure the release of both Lee and Ling. On 4 August 2009 Lee and Ling were pardoned by the North Korean government after a special humanitarian visit by former U.S. President Bill Clinton. Lee was born and raised in South Korea, and moved to the United States in order to attend Academy of Art University, where she received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in Film and Broadcasting. She graduated from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism in 2012. She is married to actor Michael Saldate; they have a daughter, Hana. On 4 August 2009, former US President Bill Clinton visited North Korea in an attempt to free Lee and fellow journalist Laura Ling. The North Korean government pardoned both Lee and Ling after meeting with Clinton that day. Human rights activists in South Korea accused Lee and Ling of placing North Korean refugees in danger through their actions. In 2011, Lee and Ling received the McGill Medal for Journalistic Courage from the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication.