Marjana Maraš
Marjana Maraš is a politician in Serbia. She has served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2014 as a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia.

Stefan the First-Crowned
Stefan Nemanjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Стефан Немањић) or Stefan the First-Crowned (/ Stefan Prvovenčani, ; around 1165 – 24 September 1228) was Grand Prince of Serbia from 1196, and the King of Serbia from 1217 until his death in 1228. He was the first Rascian king, and through his promotion of the Serbian Grand Principality into a kingdom and helping his brother Saint Sava in establishing the Serbian Church, he is regarded one of the most important of the Nemanjić dynasty.

Maria (wife of Ivan Vladislav)
Maria( Bulgarian: Мария) was the last empress consort( tsaritsa) of the First Bulgarian Empire. She was the wife of Tsar Ivan Vladislav of Bulgaria

Zoran Stanković
Zoran Stanković( born 9 November 1954) is a Serbian politician. He served as the Minister of Defence in the Government of Serbia and the Council of Ministers of Serbia and Montenegro and Minister of Health in the Government of Serbia. His affiliation is independent.

Grdeša
Grdeša( 1150–51) or Grd, was the" župan"( count) of Travunija, mentioned in 1150 – 51 as serving Grand Prince Uroš II of Serbia. It is believed that Grdeša was born around 1120. In 1150 he was one of the military commanders in the army of Uroš II of Serbia that fought the Byzantine Empire; the combined Serbo- Hungarian army suffered defeat at the Battle of Tara, where Grdeša and fellow Duke Vučina( Bучинa) where captured. It is assumed the prisoners were taken to Sredets( Sofia), but were released in 1151. The death of Grd is placed in 1178 or around 1180. He had a son," župan" Pribilša, who" died in the time of Stephen Vladislav I of Serbia". His tomb(" stećak") was found at the local community of Police in Trebinje. The tablet mentions him" in the days of Grand Prince Mihailo" as the" župan" of Trebinje, and also his brother" župan" Radomir( Радомир), and his family. The stećak is the oldest found and is currently held at the Museum of Herzegovina in Trebinje. A spur of his is in the collection of the National Museum in Sarajevo. A charter was found, claiming to be dating to 1151, where Desa, the younger brother of Uroš II, gifted the island of Mljet to the monastery of Saint Mary in Apulia, of which witnesses were iupanus Gerdessa, Desimir, setnicus Rastessa, iupanos Grubessa, Petrus comes Raguseorum ..., however, this was proven to be a falsification dating from the 13th century.

Slavica Đukić Dejanović
Slavica Đukić Dejanović( born 4 July 1951) is a Serbian politician, current Minister without portfolio in the Government of Serbia, and former Minister of Health in the Government of Serbia, acting Head of State of Serbia and President of the National Assembly of Serbia, and a long- time member of the Socialist Party of Serbia. Dejanović is the second woman at the head of the National Assembly of Serbia, after Nataša Mićić, who was President of Parliament 2001- 2004, and the first one in the independent Serbia. In that role she was also the Acting President of Serbia following the resignation of Boris Tadić in 2012 and was the first woman to hold the post of Head of State of Serbia since independence in 2006.

Dragan Tomić
Dragan Tomić( born 1936 in Pristina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a Serbian politician, a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia, who served as the President of the National Assembly of Serbia, holding the position from 1994 to 2001. After the election of Slobodan Milošević on the position of President of Serbia and Montenegro, which led to Milošević's resignation from the Serbian Presidency, he next became acting President of Serbia by position, according to the Constitution of Serbia, from 23 July to 29 December 1997. In the second cabinet of the Prime Minister Mirko Marjanović, Tomić served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia, from 1998 to 2000. He was preceded by Slobodan Milošević and succeeded by Milan Milutinović.

Suzana Grubješić
Suzana Grubješić( born 1963) is a Serbian politician who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia from 2012 to 2014 under Ivica Dačić and also served on the National Assembly of the Republic of Serbia as both a G17 Plus member and United Regions of Serbia. She was involved in negotiations with the European Union and has actively sought integration of Serbia with the EU.

Stefan Vladislav
Stefan Vladislav (– after 1264) was the King of Serbia from 1234 to 1243. He was the middle son of Stefan the First-Crowned of the Nemanjić dynasty, who ruled Serbia from 1196 to 1228. Radoslav, the eldest son of Stefan the First-Crowned, was ousted by the Serbian nobility due to increasing Epirote influence through his marriage alliance to Theodore Komnenos Doukas; Vladislav was appointed as his successor. During Vladislav's reign, his uncle Archbishop Sava went on a pilgrimage and died in Bulgaria while on his way home. Vladislav obtained the remains and buried them in the Mileševa monastery, which he had built intended to be his burial place. Serbia was politically aligned with Bulgaria at the time, since Vladislav was married to Beloslava, the daughter of Ivan Asen II. Vladislav secured Hum, a maritime province under attack by Hungarian crusaders. After the death of Ivan Asen II, there was unrest in Serbia. The Mongols, led by Kadan, invaded Hungary and devastated the Balkans, at which time the Serbian nobility rose up against Vladislav. In 1243, he abdicated in favour of his younger brother, but remained the ruler of Zeta. He was described as very energetic, reliable, and hot-tempered. The Serbian Orthodox Church venerates him as a saint on .

Dimitrije Nešić
Dimitrije Nešić( 20 October 1836, in Belgrade, Principality of Serbia – 9 May 1904, in Belgrade, Kingdom of Serbia) was a Serbian mathematician, professor at the Lyceum of the Principality of Serbia and president of the Serbian Royal Academy.