Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.

Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".

Fatima Maada Bio
Fatima Maada Bio (born November 27, 1980) is the current First Lady of Sierra Leone as the wife of Julius Maada Bio, 5th President of Sierra Leone. Fatima Bio was born and raised in Koidu Town, Kono District in Eastern Sierra Leone. She is an award-winning actress, screenwriter and film producer in United Kingdom based Nollywood movies. Fatima Bio is widely regarded as the most influential First Lady of Sierra Leone since Patricia Kabbah, wife of former Sierra Leone"s President Ahmad Tejan Kabbah. Fatima is one of the most highly influential people in her husband Julius Maada Bio presidency. Fatima Bio is a devout Muslim and a member of the Mandingo ethnic group.

Tamba Lamina
Tamba John Sylvanus Lamina is a Sierra Leonean politician and diplomat. He is the current Minister of Local Government and Rural Development in the cabinet of Julius Maada Bio, serving since 2019.

Valentine Strasser
Valentine Esegragbo Melvine Strasser( born 26 April 1967) is an ex-military leader who served as head of state of Sierra Leone from 1992 to 1996. He had been a junior military officer but in 1992, he became the world's youngest Head of State when he seized power three days after his 25th birthday. He was the leading member in a group of six young Sierra Leonean soldiers who overthrew president Joseph Saidu Momoh in the 29 April 1992 military coup. They established a military junta called the National Provisional Ruling Council( NPRC). On January 1996, after nearly four years in power, Strasser was ousted in a second military coup, but this time it was his own NPRC soldiers who were not satisfied with his handling of the peace process. The coup was led by his deputy, Brigadier General Julius Maada Bio. Strasser is the first, and one of two Sierra Leonean Heads of State( the other is Julius Maada Bio) born after Sierra Leone had become an Independent nation. He is also the second Sierra Leonean Head of State from the Krio ethnic group. Strasser was born and raised in the neighbourhood of Allen Town in the east end of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown to Creole parents. Strasser enlisted in the Republic of Sierra Leone Military Forces( RSLMF) at age eighteen, immediately after graduating from secondary school.

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.

Francis Obai Kabia
Francis Obai Kabia is a Sierra Leonean politician who served as the Operations Officer for the UN Department of Peacekeeping Operations from 1983 to 2006. In 2010, Kabia announced his campaign for the 2012 Sierra Leone People's Party( SLPP) nomination for President of Sierra Leone. He won 1.5% of the vote at the 2011 SLPP National Party Conference Elections with the majority of the vote going to Julius Maada Bio.

Julius Maada Bio
Julius Maada Bio (born May 12, 1964) is a Sierra Leonean politician, and the 5th and current president of Sierra Leone since April 4, 2018. He is a retired Brigadier General in the Sierra Leone Army and was the military Head of State of Sierra Leone from January 16, 1996 to March 29, 1996 under a military Junta government. As the candidate of the main opposition Sierra Leone People's Party, Bio defeated Samura Kamara of the ruling All People's Congress in the runoff vote of the 2018 Sierra Leone presidential election with 51.8% of the votes to Kamara"s 48.2%. International and local observers declared the election free, fair and credible. Bio succeeded Ernest Bai Koroma as president, who was constitutionally ineligible to run for the presidency, having served the maximum two five-year terms. Bio Since taking office as president, Bio has been critical of the previous president Ernest Bai Koroma, and has overturned most of the executive policies of his predecessor Ernest Bai Koroma, as he accuses the Koroma presidency of massive corruption and mismanagement of the country's finances and resources. The Sierra Leone Ministry of Justice in Bio presidency, has opened an Independent commission of inquiries to investigate the previous government of Ernest Bai Koroma of alleged corruptions. Bio was the SLPP presidential candidate in the 2012 presidential election, but he received 37% of the votes as he was defeated by the incumbent president Ernest Bai Koroma who won 58% of the votes. As the military Head of State, Bio returned Sierra Leone back to a democratically elected government, when he handed power to Ahmad Tejan Kabbah of the Sierra Leone People's Party, following Kabbah"s victory in the 1996 Sierra Leone presidential election. Upon retiring from the military in 1996, Bio moved to the United States where he was granted political asylum, and he did not return to Sierra Leone from the U.S until 2005, when his safety in the country was guaranteed by then Sierra Leone president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah. Bio has a Masters Degree in International Affairs from American University in Washington, DC. Bio is also a cadet graduate from Sierra Leone prestigious Benguema Military Academy. Bio is a practicing Roman Catholic, though his wife, First Lady Fatima Bio is a practicing Muslim.