Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar
Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar  is a 1992 Indian sports drama film, directed and co-written by Mansoor Khan, produced and co-written by Nasir Hussain. The film stars Aamir Khan, Ayesha Jhulka, Deepak Tijori, Pooja Bedi, Mamik Singh and Kulbhushan Kharbanda, whilst Aamir's brother Faisal Khan makes a special appearance. The music was by Jatin Lalit. " Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" won two Filmfare Awards, including Best Film. The film net over in India, equivalent to adjusted for inflation. The film, based on the 1979 movie "Breaking Away", became a trend-setter, inspiring the Telugu film "Thammudu" (1999) which went on to be remade in Tamil as "Badri" (2001), in Kannada as "Yuvaraja" (2001) and in Bengali as "Champion" (2003). " Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander" was also broadcast on Disney Channel India.

Badri (2001 film)
Badri is a 2001 Indian Tamil- language sports action film directed by P. A. Arun Prasad. The film is the remake of 1999 Telugu film" Thammudu" which was loosely based on the 1992 Hindi film" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" which itself was loosely based on the 1979 movie" Breaking Away". The film stars Vijay in the titular role as a spoilt college brat who turns into a kickboxer to prove himself whereas Bhumika Chawla plays the lead heroine. Monal supports the cast, while Vivek, Riyaz Khan, and Bhupinder Singh play supporting roles. The film's soundtrack was composed by Ramana Gogula while the background score was composed by Devi Sri Prasad. Filming began in August 2000 and was completed by March 2001. The film had its theatrical release on 12 April 2001. The film completed 100 days theatrical run. IndiaToday listed the film under top ten cult films performed by Vijay.

Girija Shettar
Girija Shettar is a former film actress of British Indian origin, known for her works in South Indian films. In 1989, Shettar starred in Maniratnam's film" Geethanjali". She then did the Malayalam film" Vandanam", directed by Priyadarshan, in which she starred alongside Mohanlal. In 1992, she signed for the lead role in" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar", which she left mid-way to complete a prior commitment. Ayesha Julka replaced her after the first schedule. In the same year, she starred in another Telugu film" Hrudayanjali", under the direction of A. Raghurami Reddy, which won four Nandi awards. The film was completed in 1992 but was released only in 2002.

Yuvaraja (film)
Yuvaraja is a 2001 Indian Kannada- language sports drama film directed by Puri Jagannadh and produced by R. Srinivas. The film stars Shivarajkumar, Bhavna Pani and Lisa Ray in the lead roles. The film is the remake of 1999 Telugu film" Thammudu" which was loosely based on the 1992 Hindi film" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" which itself was loosely based on the 1979 movie" Breaking Away". The film was released on 2 November 2001 across Karnataka cinema halls.

Thammudu (film)
Thammudu is a 1999 Indian Telugu- language sports action film produced by Burugupalli Sivaramakrishna under the Sri Venkateswara Art Films banner, written and directed by P. A. Arun Prasad. The movie was loosely based on the 1992 Hindi film" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" which itself was loosely based on the 1979 movie" Breaking Away". " Thammudu" stars Pawan Kalyan, Preeti Jhangiani and Aditi Govitrikar in the lead roles, while Bhupinder Singh, Achyuth, Brahmanandam, Ali, and Kitty play supporting roles. The music is composed by Ramana Gogula with cinematography by Madhu Ambat and editing by Marthand K. Venkatesh. The film released on 15 July 1999 and went on to become a" blockbuster" with the movie's album becoming a trendsetter. The film was remade in Tamil as" Badri"( 2001), in Kannada as" Yuvaraja"( 2001) and in Bengali as" Champion"( 2003).

Mamik Singh
Mamik Singh( born 3 May 1963) is an Indian actor, who works on television and has also worked in six Bollywood movies. He is best known for his roles in" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar"( 1992)," Ssshhhh ... Koi Hai"( 2002) and" Vikraal Aur Gabraal"( 2003).

Mansoor Khan
Mansoor Hussain Khan is an Indian film director and producer known for his works in Bollywood. Son of film maker Nasir Hussain, Khan made his directorial debut with the super-hit "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988), for which Khan received the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment, and the Filmfare Award for Best Director for that year. Mansoor Khan's directorial debut paved the way back for the musical romantic genre in Bollywood. He followed this success four years later with "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander" (1992). Mansoor Khan's last two films; "Akele Hum Akele Tum" (1995) and "Josh" (2000) were moderately successful. In 2008, he has made a comeback, albeit as a producer, and has co-produced the movie "Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na" along with Aamir Khan, which marked the debut of his nephew Imran Khan.

Abhijeet Sawant
Abhijeet Sawant is an Indian playback singer, television actor and anchor and the winner of" Indian Idol"( Season 1). He was the first runner up of" Clinic All Clear – Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar", and finished third in" Asian Idol".

Madhosh (1994 film)
Madhosh is a 1994 Indian film directed by Vikram Bhatt and produced by Tahir Hussain. The film is Tahir Hussain's son Faisal Khan's debut as a leading actor, having previously played bit parts in his brother Aamir Khan's films" Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" and" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar". The film also stars Anjali Jathar in her film debut, Kiran Kumar, Dilip Dhawan and Supriya Pathak. The film bombed at the box-office, but was appreciated for its musical score.

Champion (2003 film)
Champion is a 2003 Bengali sports- drama film directed by Rabi Kinagi, the movie featured Jeet and Srabanti Chatterjee. This movie is Jeet's third movie and Srabanti Chatterjee's debut movie. The film is the remake of 1999 Telugu film" Thammudu" which was loosely based on the 1992 Hindi film" Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" which itself was loosely based on the 1979 movie" Breaking Away".