Lars Eliasson
He is the father of the later Member of Parliament Anna Eliasson.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Yasuichi Oshima
He is the father of manga artist Towa Oshima.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Me and Liza
"Me and Liza" is a song by American-Canadian singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright for his greatest hits album,  (2014); it appears as the third track on the album's standard issue, serving as its lead single. The song is about Wainwright's relationship with Liza Minnelli, who was reportedly upset by his 2006 tribute concerts to her mother, Judy Garland. It premiered on BBC Radio 2's "Weekend Wogan" on January 12, 2014 and was officially released on January 20. " Me and Liza" reached a peak position of number 59 on Belgium's Ultratop singles chart.

Cleomenes II
Cleomenes II( died 309 BC) was Agiad King of Sparta from 369 to 309 BC. The son of Cleombrotus I, he succeeded his brother Agesipolis II. He was the father of Acrotatus I, the father of Areus I, and of Cleonymus, the father of Leonidas II.

Rufus Wainwright
Rufus McGarrigle Wainwright (born July 22, 1973) is an American-Canadian singer, songwriter, and composer. He has recorded seven albums of original music and numerous tracks on compilations and film soundtracks. He has also written a classical opera and set Shakespeare sonnets to music for a theater piece by Robert Wilson. Wainwright's self-titled debut album was released through DreamWorks Records in May 1998. His second album, "Poses", was released in June 2001. Wainwright's third and fourth studio albums, "Want One" (2003) and "Want Two" (2004), were repackaged as the double album "Want" in 2005. In 2007, Wainwright released his fifth studio album "Release the Stars" and his first live album "Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall". His second live album "Milwaukee at Last!!!" was released in 2009, followed by the studio albums  (2010) and "Out of the Game" (2012). The double album "Prima Donna" (2015), was a recording of his opera of the same name. His ninth studio album  (2016), featured nine adaptions of Shakespeare's sonnets. Wainwright is the son of musicians Loudon Wainwright III and Kate McGarrigle, and the older brother of singer Martha Wainwright.

Obata Toramori
He was the father of Obata Masamori.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.