Santosham (2002 film)
Santosham( English translation:" Happiness") is a Telugu romantic comedy film produced by Dr. K. L. Narayana under the Sri Durga Arts banner, directed by Dasharath. The film stars Nagarjuna Akkineni and Shriya Saran making her second release in Telugu after" Ishtam" in lead with Gracy Singh making her debut in the Telugu cinema industry after her lead role in the Hindi film" Lagaan", while Prabhu Deva makes his comeback to Telugu cinema after a long gap in an extended cameo appearance. The music was composed by R. P. Patnaik. The movie was well received by critics and successful at the box office. It borrowed shades of the Hindi movie" Kuch Kuch Hota Hai". It was dubbed in Tamil as" Santhosha Vanille" and was also dubbed in Hindi as" Pehli Naazar ka Pehla Pyaar". The film was remade in Bengali as" Bandhan", starring Jeet and Koyel and in Kannada as" Ugadi", with V. Ravichandran. The film was recorded as a" Super Hit" at the box office.

Raja Hindustani
Raja Hindustani is a 1996 Indian Hindi- language romantic drama film directed by Dharmesh Darshan. It tells the story of a cab driver from a small town who falls in love with a rich young woman. Aamir Khan and Karisma Kapoor play the lead roles. Released on 15 November 1996, this film's plot was inspired from the 1965 film" Jab Jab Phool Khile", starring Shashi Kapoor and Nanda. The film's music was composed by Nadeem- Shravan, with lyrics by Sameer. It went on to win five Filmfare Awards, including the awards for Best film and Best Actors, and seven Screen Awards. " Raja Hindustani" was the third most commercially successful Hindi film of the 1990s in terms of net gross. Made on a budget of 57.5 million, the film went on to gross 763.4 million worldwide, becoming the highest- grossing film of the year, and the fourth highest- grossing film in India of the 1990s behind" Hum Aapke Hain Koun ..! Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" and" Kuch Kuch Hota Hai". The film's music became popular and was successful, especially in the central and eastern states of India. Karisma Kapoor was complimented for her looks and performance as Aarti: a rich, beautiful, sensitive, young woman full of dreams and desires. It is Kapoor's biggest commercial success till date and is regarded as one of her best performances; it was a major turning point in her career. She won the Filmfare Best Actress Award for her role. The chemistry between the lead pair of Aamir Khan and Karishma Kapoor was praised and there was a much talked about kissing scene. The film was remade in Kannada as" Naanu Naane" in 2002, starring Upendra and Sakshi Shivanand in lead roles and in Odia as" Priya Mo Priya" in 2005.

Kuch Kuch Hota Hai
Kuch Kuch Hota Hai ( English:" Something ... Something Happens") also known as KKHH, is a 1998 Indian Hindi- language romantic drama film, released in India and the United Kingdom on 16 October 1998. It was written and directed by Karan Johar, and starred the popular on- screen pair of Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol in their fourth film together. Rani Mukerji featured in a supporting role, while Salman Khan also had an extended- cameo appearance. Sana Saeed, who was featured in a supporting role, made her debut in this film. The plot combines two love triangles set years apart. The first half covers friends on a college campus, while the second tells the story of a widower's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old friend. Filmed in India, Mauritius, and Scotland, this was Johar's directorial debut. One of his goals for the film was to set a new level for style in Hindi cinema. The music was composed by Jatin- Lalit, was the biggest seller of the year. " Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" received a positive reception, with praise for Kajol's performance. The film was successful in India and abroad, becoming the highest- grossing Indian film of the year and the third highest- grossing Indian film at that time behind" Hum Aapke Hain Koun ..!"( 1994) at number 1 and also Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol starrer" Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge"( 1995) at number 2. Outside India, the film was the highest grossing Hindi film ever until its record was broken by Karan's next directorial," Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham ..."( 2001). The film received numerous accolades, including the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment and awards in the" Best Film" category at the Filmfare Awards, Zee Cine Awards, Screen Awards, and Bollywood Movie Awards. The film won 8 Filmfare Awards and is the only film to win all four acting awards at the ceremony, namely Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Supporting Actor and Best Supporting Actress.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Hiyy Halaaku
Hiyy Halaaku is a 1999 Maldivian romantic drama film directed by Aishath Ali Manik. Produced under EMA Productions, the film stars Assad Shareef, Sheela Najeeb, Ali Seezan and Niuma Mohamed in pivotal roles. The plot combines two love triangles set years apart. The first half covers friends on a college campus, while the second tells the story of a widower's young daughter who tries to reunite her dad with his old friend. The film was an unofficial remake of Karan Johar's romantic drama film" Kuch Kuch Hota Hai"( 1998)

Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam
Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam is a 2002 Hindi romantic drama film directed by K. S. Adhiyaman. It features Salman Khan, Shah Rukh Khan, and Madhuri Dixit in the lead roles, with Aishwarya Rai in a cameo appearance. The movie is K. S. Adhiyaman's first in Hindi, a remake of his own Tamil film," Thotta Chinungi". It took five years to make, with huge sabbaticals between shoots due to production problems. The rights of the film was owned by Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment. " Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam" is the third film to feature the two- Khans together after the blockbusters" Karan Arjun"( 1995) and" Kuch Kuch Hota Hai"( 1998). Dixit was cast opposite both Khans for the fourth time – she worked with Salman Khan in the flop" Dil Tera Aashiq"( 1993) and the blockbusters" Saajan"( 1991) and" Hum Aapke Hain Koun ..!"( 1994); and with Shah Rukh Khan in" Anjaam"( 1994)," Koyla"( 1997), and" Dil To Pagal Hai"( 1997).

Kalakalappu 2
Kalakalappu 2  is a 2018 Indian Tamil language comedy film written and directed by Sundar C and produced by Kushboo. Despite the title, it is not a sequel to the 2012 film "Kalakalappu", but a spiritual successor. The film features Jiiva, Jai, Shiva, Nikki Galrani and Catherine Tresa in the lead roles. The film grossed 50.35 crores in worldwide box-office. Though talks were going on since 2012, the film began production in October 2017 and progressed in locations including Varanasi, Karaikudi, Pune and Hyderabad. The film was released on 9 February 2018.

Koochie Koochie Hota Hai
Koochie Koochie Hota Hai is an unreleased computer-animated Bollywood film directed by Tarun Mansukhani and co-produced by Dharma Productions and Prana Studios. The voice-over for the lead anthropomorphic characters has been given by Uday Chopra, Shah Rukh Khan, Rani Mukerji, Hrithik Roshan, Kajol, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Bobby Deol, Akshay Kumar, Lara Dutta, Salman Khan, Alia Bhatt and Ritesh Deshmukh. It is an animated remake of the 1998 Blockbuster Hindi film, "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai". Production started in 2010. Karan Johar, producer of the film, quoted in his blog "The core love story is between three dogs, and the supporting cast has roosters, bears, pigs, cats, and many others from the barnKoochie Koochie Hota Hai" was set for a 2011 release but was not released.

Bade Miyan Chote Miyan
Bade Miyan Chote Miyan is an Indian 1998 Hindi- language action comedy film directed by David Dhawan starring Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda in dual roles alongside Raveena Tandon, Ramya Krishnan, Anupam Kher, and Paresh Rawal, with Madhuri Dixit making a special appearance. " Bade Miyan Chote Miyan" was Bachchan's first box office hit since his comeback to Bollywood after a hiatus of few years, and its muharat shot was done by Bachchan's daughter Shweta Nanda on 22 December 1998. Produced on a budget of," Bade Miyan Chote Miyan" was theatrically released on 16 October 1998 alongside Karan Johar's" Kuch Kuch Hota Hai"; though the latter emerged as the biggest success of the year, it became the second biggest hit in the list and went on to gross over worldwide.

Bandhan (1998 film)
Bandhan( transl. Bond) is a 1998 Bollywood drama/ action film starring Jackie Shroff, Salman Khan, Rambha and Ashwini Bhave. The film was a remake of the Tamil film" Pandithurai". The film was a third hit of Salman Khan after" Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya" and" Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai" in the following year.