Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Wilhelmine Schröder-Devrient
Wilhelmine Schröder- Devrient, born Wilhelmine Schröder( 6 December 180426 January 1860), was a German operatic soprano. As a singer, she combined a rare quality of tone with dramatic intensity of expression, which was as remarkable on the concert platform as in opera. Today, she is remembered as the author of the most celebrated erotic novel in the German language.

Edward Andrews
Edward Andrews( October 9, 1914 – March 8, 1985) was an American stage, film and television actor. Andrews was one of the most recognizable character actors on television and films from the 1950s into the 1980s. His stark white hair, imposing build and horn- rimmed glasses added to the type of roles he received, as he was often cast as an ornery boss, a cagey businessman, or other officious types.

Clarence Moore (businessman)
Clarence Moore( March 1, 1865 – April 15, 1912) was a prominent American businessman and sportsman. In 1909, he built a large home in Washington, D.C. that now serves as an embassy of Uzbekistan. Moore died after a leisure trip to England, on his way home as a first class passenger on the RMS" Titanic" when it sank in the North Atlantic.

Eduard Devrient
( Philipp) Eduard Devrient( 11 August 18014 October 1877) was a German baritone, librettist, playwright, actor, theatre director, and theatre reformer and historian. Devrient came from a theatrical family. His uncle was Ludwig Devrient and his brother Karl was the first husband of Wilhelmine Schröder- Devrient. He was born and studied in Berlin and performed in a number of German opera houses between 1819 and 1834, when he lost his singing voice and turned his attention to writing and acting. From 1844- 6 he worked in Dresden as actor/ director, and he directed the Hoftheater in Karlsruhe from 1852 until his retirement in 1870. As a singer, he performed in works by Gluck, Mozart, Beethoven and Weber, among others, and sang in the première of Marschner's" Hans Heiling"( in the title- role; Devrient also wrote its libretto). He also sang in the 1831 Berlin premiere of" Der Templer und die Jüdin"( as Bois- Guilbert). He also took the part of Christ in the 1829 revival by his friend Felix Mendelssohn of J. S. Bach's" St Matthew Passion", having previously sung the role of Carrasco in Mendelssohn's only publicly performed opera," Die Hochzeit des Camacho"( 1827). He wrote a number of plays and two other opera librettos," Die Kirmes" and" Der Zigeuner", both set by Wilhelm Taubert. In Karlsruhe, in the course of seventeen years, he not only raised it to a high position, but enriched its repertory by many noteworthy librettos. But his chief work is his history of the German stage," Geschichte der deutschen Schauspielkunst"( Leipzig, 1848- 1874). Eduard Devrient died in Karlsruhe. His son Otto Devrient also worked in the theatre.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Sophie Schröder
Sophie Antonie Luise Schröder( February 23, 1781- February 25, 1868), was a German actress. She was born at Paderborn, the daughter of an actor, Gottfried Bürger. She made her first appearance in opera at St Petersburg, in 1793. On Kotzebue's recommendation she was engaged for the Vienna Court theatre in 1798, and here and in Munich and Hamburg she won great successes in tragic roles like Marie Stuart, Phèdre, Merope, Lady Macbeth, and Isabella in" The Bride of Messina", which gave her the reputation of being" the German Siddons." She retired in 1840 and lived in Augsburg and Munich until her death in 1868. She had married, in 1795, an actor, Stollmers( properly Smets), from whom she separated in 1799. In 1804 she married the tenor Friedrich Schröder, and on his death in 1825, an actor, Wilhelm Kunst. Schröder's eldest daughter was the opera singer, Wilhelmine Schröder- Devrient.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Robert Emhardt
Robert Emhardt( July 24, 1914 – December 26, 1994) was an American character actor who worked on stage, in film and on television. The portly Emhardt was frequently cast as a villain, often a crooked businessman or corrupt politician.