Madison Mad Dogs
The Madison Mad Dogs were an indoor football team that played in the Professional Indoor Football League (PIFL) in 1998, and in the Indoor Football League (IFL) in 1999 & 2000. The Mad Dogs franchise was owned by Keary Ecklund. The team office was based in Madison, Wisconsin, and played their games at the Dane County Coliseum, now Veterans Memorial Coliseum, at the Alliant Energy Center. The team colors were: Red, Silver, and Black. The Mad Dogs were coached by Richard "Dick" Adams for the '98 PIFL season. The Mad Dogs played four preseason PIFL games in '98. Winning only once:
The Madison Mad Dogs tied with their sister team, Green Bay Bombers – both teams owned by Ecklund, for the second best record in the PIFL with a 10-4 record. In the playoffs, the Mad Dogs hosted the Bombers in the first round. They won 46-19.
Keary Ecklund took his Bombers and Mad Dogs teams and defected from the PIFL to form the IFL. In 1999, the team, finished 6-6 in the Northern Division of the IFL. The following year was very similar, but finalized with a couple of playoff games. The Mad Dogs finished 8-6 in the Northern Division of the IFL. Then, Madison faced Erie at home in the first round of the IFL playoffs. Defeating them 34-22 and advancing to the second round at Peoria. Peoria was too much for the Mad Dogs, as they lost 13-25 and out of the IFL playoffs. When the IFL was sold, following the 2000 season, the Mad Dogs disappeared.

Space Captain
Space Captain – Joe Cocker Live in Concert is a live compilation album from Joe Cocker released in 1976 in several European countries by Cube Records. The album features a selection of songs recorded during Cocker's concerts in USA with Mad Dogs and Englishmen in 1970 and with The Chris Stainton Band in 1972. All the songs had been previously released on the" Mad Dogs& Englishmen" and" Live in L.A." albums.

Mad Dogs
Mad Dogs may refer to:

Mad Dogs and Englishmen (film)
Mad Dogs and Englishmen is a 1995 British thriller film directed by Henry Cole and starring Elizabeth Hurley, C. Thomas Howell and Joss Ackland. The screenplay concerns an upper-class drug addict pursued by the criminal underworld.

The Bond Boy
The Bond Boy is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by Henry King and starring Richard Barthelmess. It was produced by Barthelmess and Charles Duell and released through Associated First National Pictures.

Leon Russell and the Shelter People
Leon Russell and the Shelter People is the second solo album by the singer- songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Leon Russell, released in 1971. It peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Hot 200 in the United States. The album has gold certification for sales of over 500,000 albums in the US and Canada. " The Ballad of Mad Dogs and Englishmen" is a song written by Leon Russell from the soundtrack of the 1971 film" Mad Dogs& Englishmen".

Donna Weiss
Donna Terry Weiss is an American singer and songwriter. She guested on Joe Cocker's album" Mad Dogs and Englishmen" and composed the song" Bette Davis Eyes" with Jackie DeShannon.

Mad Dogs and Englishmen (novel)
Mad Dogs and Englishmen is a BBC Books original novel written by Paul Magrs and based on the long- running British science fiction television series" Doctor Who". It features the Eighth Doctor, Fitz and Anji.

Killing Mad Dogs
Killing Mad Dogs is a 2001 Iranian drama film directed by Bahram Bayzai.

Mad Dogs and Englishmen
Mad Dogs and Englishmen may refer to: