Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Jesse E. Hobson
Jesse Edward Hobson( May 2, 1911 – November 5, 1970) was the director of SRI International from 1947 to 1955. Prior to SRI, he was the director of the Armour Research Foundation.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

No Sin on the Alpine Pastures (1974 film)
No Sin on the Alpine Pastures( German: Auf der Alm da gibt's koa Sünd) is a 1974 West German comedy film directed by Franz Josef Gottlieb and starring Alena Penz, Alexander Grill and Rinaldo Talamonti. It is part of the cycle of Bavarian sex comedies made during the era Location shooting took place in Austria.

No Sin on the Alpine Pastures (1950 film)
No Sin on the Alpine Pastures (German: Auf der Alm, da gibt's ka Sünd) is a 1950 Austrian comedy film directed by Franz Antel and starring Maria Andergast, Inge Egger and Rudolf Carl. The film's sets were designed by the art director Gustav Abel.

Franz Antel
Franz Antel (28 June 1913 – 11 August 2007) was a veteran Austrian filmmaker. Born in Vienna, Antel worked mainly as a film producer in the interwar years. After World War II, he began writing and directing films on a large scale. In the late 1940s, 1950s and 1960s these were mainly comedies (romantic, slapstick, and/or musical) and "K.u.k. films" all of which, for Austrian and German TV stations alike, have been a staple of weekend afternoon programming ever since. In between there is quite a sober film about the Oberst (Colonel) Redl affair that shook the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy on the eve of World War I. Antel himself later commented on this period, "I always wanted to provide good entertainment for the people at the cinema. After the screening, people should say: Well now, I am in a good mood, I will go out and have a glass of wine." (German original: "Ich wollte die Leute im Kino immer gut unterhalten. Die Besucher sollten nach der Filmvorführung sagen: So, jetzt bin ich gut aufgelegt, jetzt geh ich auf ein Viertel Wein.") From the late 1960s, encouraged by the new opportunities in the film industry brought about by the sexual revolution, Antel gradually switched his main interest to soft porn and ribaldry. It was in particular his series of "Frau Wirtinhostess") films, directed under the pseudonym François Legrand, with which he tried to win international recognition. Titles included "The Sweet Sins of Sexy Susan" (1967), "Sexy Susan Sins Again" (1968), "Wild, Willing & Sexy" (1969) and "Don't Tell Daddy" (aka "Naughty Nymphs" in the U.S.A.) (1972). Antel would recount an anecdote about himself describing how, in order to live up to his reputation as a womanizer, he used to carry a pair of high heels in his luggage which he then would occasionally place in the corridor in front of his hotel room – especially when he was travelling alone. Among the best known actors Antel had worked with from the 1940s to the 1970s were Hans Moser, Paul Hörbiger, Oskar Werner, Curd Jürgens, Tony Curtis, Herbert Fux, Heinrich Schweiger, Arthur Kennedy, Carroll Baker, Edwige Fenech, George Hilton, Marisa Berenson, Britt Ekland, Andréa Ferréol. 1981 was a turning point in Antel's career when he adapted for the big screen a stage play by Ulrich Becher and Peter Preses. Set from the days of the Anschluss of 1938 until after the end of the war, "Der Bockerer" is about a Viennese butcher named Karl Bockerer (Karl Merkatz) whose common sense rather than intellect tells him to oppose the Nazis and who dares to show resistance just because he is never fully aware of the possible fateful consequences of his actions. While Bockerer and his wife survive the war unscathed, their son joins the SA but, after some internal intrigue, is sent to the front and killed. The film was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival. The film's strong anti-fascist message, the moving dialogue, and performances by the "crème de la crème" of Austrian actors and actresses (Ida Krottendorf, Alfred Böhm, Heinz Marecek, Hans Holt, Dolores Schmidinger and many more) made "Der Bockerer" an unusually successful film and gave new impetus to Antel's career. He made three sequels, which follow the lives of the Bockerers well into the 1960s, each depicting a crucial historical event in Austria or one of its neighbouring countries:

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.

No Sin on the Alpine Pastures (1915 film)
No Sin on the Alpine Pastures( German: Auf der Alm, da gibt's ka Sünd) is a 1915 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Henny Porten, Emmy Wyda and Lupu Pick. Location shooting took place in the Bavarian town of Bad Reichenhall.

Sam Aryeetey
Sam Greatorex Aryeetey( born 23 August 1929 or 1927) is a Ghanaian film producer, film director and writer. He is often credited as the director of the first Ghanaian feature film," No Tears for Ananse".