Madly Bangalee
Madly Bangalee is a Bengali 2009 rock musical film directed by Anjan Dutt. During his previous film" Bong Connection" shot in Houston, Director Anjan Dutt received lot of help and support from Houston filmmaker San Banarje who arranged for the film's American cast and crew and saved the film. During this period, Anjan Dutt became a self- proclaimed fan of San Banarje and named the protagonist of this film after San.

The Bong Connection
The Bong Connection is a 2006 Bengali- English language Indian film starring Raima Sen, Shayan Munshi and Parambrata Chatterjee and directed by Anjan Dutt. The movie is based on the lives of Bengalis in the U.S. and Kolkata.

Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo
May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo is a 1984 Philippine comedy film directed by, and produced by Hirene Lopez and Danny L. Zialcita as the film's executive producer. The film stars Gloria Diaz, Eddie Garcia, Amy Austria, and Tommy Abuel. The film was released in 1984 by Essex Films. Another related film called," May Daga sa Labas ng Lungga", was released earlier in the same year.

Galaxis
Galaxis is a 1995 science fiction action film directed by William Mesa and written by Nick Davis. It stars Brigitte Nielsen, Richard Moll and Craig Fairbrass. It was also released under the names Terminal Force and The Survivor. The film received a negative review from the" Houston Chronicle", which wrote it may actually be worse than direct- to- video productions.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".