Vidyalankara Pirivena
Vidyalankara Pirivena is one of the largest Buddhist pirivenas in Sri Lanka. Located in Peliyagoda, it is nearly 150 years old. Under the pirivena's leadership, several schools were started in the region; one is Sri Dharmaloka College, one of the national schools in the region. Vidyalankara Pirivena was founded on November 1, 1875 by Venerable Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera. In 1978, it became the University of Kelaniya.

Catholic University of Leuven (1834–1968)
The Catholic University of Leuven was founded in 1834 in Mechelen as the Catholic University of Belgium moved its seat to the town of Leuven in 1835, and changed its name to Catholic University of Leuven.

Vidyalankara Pirivena
Vidyalankara Pirivena is one of the largest Buddhist pirivenas in Sri Lanka. Located in Peliyagoda, it is nearly 150 years old. Under the pirivena's leadership, several schools were started in the region; one is Sri Dharmaloka College, one of the national schools in the region. Vidyalankara Pirivena was founded on November 1, 1875 by Venerable Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera. In 1978, it became the University of Kelaniya.

School division
A school division is a geographic division over which a school board has jurisdiction.

Sri Dharmaloka College
Sri Dharmaloka College is a national school in the Western province of Sri Lanka, situated near the Kelaniya Temple. The school was established in 1938 at the premises of Vidyalankara Pirivena. In the 1950s, the college moved to its current location on the Kelaniya premises.

Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera
Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera (May 28, 1828 – August 15, 1885) was a scholar Buddhist monk who lived in the 19th century in Sri Lanka. An educationist and revivalist of Sri Lankan Buddhism, he was reputed for his knowledge of Pali, Sanskrit and Buddhist Philosophy. Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera was the founder of Vidyalankara Pirivena, Peliyagoda, which was granted the University status later by the Sri Lankan government in 1959, and presently known as University of Kelaniya. Sri Dharmaloka College in Kelaniya, Sri Lanka is named after him.

Catholic University of Tachira
Catholic University of Tachira(" Universidad Católica del Táchira" – UCAT) in San Cristobal, capital of Tachira state in Venezuela, originated in 1962 as an extension of Andrés Bello Catholic University of the Society of Jesus.

Gwangju Catholic University
Gwangju Catholic University is a Catholic university located in Naju, South Korea.

Catholic University of Croatia
Catholic University of Croatia is a private university of the Catholic Church located in Zagreb, Croatia.

Mokpo Catholic University
Mokpo Catholic University is a Catholic university located in Mokpo, South Korea.