Denise Boutte
Denise Boutte is an American actress and model, who has appeared in the films" Why Did I Get Married?" as Trina,, as Mandy," Sister's Keeper" and" Noah's Arc". She starred in the sitcom" Meet the Browns" as Sasha Brown.

Ilir Hoxha
Ilir Hoxha( born March 31, 1949 in Tirana, Albania) is one of the sons of former Albanian leader Enver Hoxha. Ilir was imprisoned a few years after his father's death, but was released in 1996. Ilir has been called in to testify several times in an attempt to disclose secrets from the previous communist era. Ilir wrote a memoir in 1995 called" My Father, Enver Hoxha". The article recounts Ilir's memories of his father's death, the impact it had on the family, his mother's struggles, and also the investigation and prosecution that was conducted on him after his father's death. During the 2005 election campaign in Albania, Ilir campaigned for candidates of the Party of Labour of Albania( 2002). Ilir still resides in Albania.

Charibert I
Charibert I( c. 517 – December 567) was the Merovingian King of Paris, the second- eldest son of Chlothar I and his first wife Ingund. His elder brother Gunthar died sometime before their father's death. He shared in the partition of the Frankish kingdom that followed his father ’s death in 561, receiving the old kingdom of Childebert I, with its capital at Paris.

Richard T. Jones
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor. Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010). He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.

Zoia Ceaușescu
Zoia Ceaușescu (28 February 1949 – 20 November 2006) was a Romanian mathematician, the daughter of Communist leader Nicolae Ceaușescu and his wife, Elena.

Michael Jai White
Michael Richard Jai White( born November 10, 1967) is an American actor, director, and martial artist. He is the first African American to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture, having starred as Al Simmons, the protagonist in the 1997 film" Spawn". White appeared as Marcus Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?" and" Why Did I Get Married Too?", and starred as the character on the TBS/ OWN comedy- drama television series" Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse". White portrayed Jax Briggs in and the Cyborg Seth in, the return. He portrayed boxer Mike Tyson in the 1995 HBO television movie" Tyson". He also played the title role in the blaxploitation parody film" Black Dynamite", as well as the animated series of the same name.

Lamman Rucker
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films " Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation. In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".

Sharon Leal
Sharon Ann Leal( born October 17, 1972) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles in movies such as" Dreamgirls This Christmas Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?" and her roles on the television shows" LegacyGuiding Light", and" Boston Public".

Nicolae Ceaușescu
Nicolae Ceaușescu (26 January 1918 – 25 December 1989) was a Romanian communist politician and leader. He was the general secretary of the Romanian Communist Party from 1965 to 1989 and hence the second and last Communist leader of Romania. He was also the country's head of state from 1967, serving as President of the State Council and from 1974 concurrently as President of the Republic until his overthrow and execution in the Romanian Revolution in December 1989, part of a series of anti-Communist and anti-Soviet Union uprisings in Eastern Europe that year. Born in 1918 in Scornicești, Olt County, Ceaușescu was a member of the Romanian Communist youth movement. Ceaușescu rose up through the ranks of Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej's Socialist government and, upon Gheorghiu-Dej's death in 1965, he succeeded to the leadership of the Romanian Communist Party as general secretary. Upon his rise to power, he eased press censorship and openly condemned the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in his speech on 21 August 1968, which resulted in a surge in popularity. However, the resulting period of stability was very brief as his government very soon became severely totalitarian and was considered the most repressive in the Eastern Bloc at the time. His secret police, the Securitate, was responsible for mass surveillance as well as severe repression and human rights abuses within the country and he suppressed and controlled the media and press, implementing methods that were among the harshest, most restrictive and brutal in the world. Economic mismanagement due to failed oil ventures during the 1970s led to skyrocketing foreign debts for Romania. In 1982, he exported much of the country's agricultural and industrial production in an effort to repay them. The shortages that followed drastically lowered living standards, leading to heavy rationing of food, water, oil, heat, electricity, medicine and other necessities. His cult of personality experienced unprecedented elevation, followed by extensive nepotism and the intense deterioration of foreign relations, even with the Soviet Union. As anti-government protesters demonstrated in Timișoara in December 1989, he perceived the demonstrations as a political threat and ordered military forces to open fire on 17 December, causing many deaths and injuries. The revelation that Ceaușescu was responsible resulted in a massive spread of rioting and civil unrest across the country. The demonstrations, which reached Bucharest, became known as the Romanian Revolution—the only violent overthrow of a communist government in the turn of the Revolutions of 1989. Ceaușescu and his wife Elena fled the capital in a helicopter, but they were captured by the military after the armed forces changed sides. After being tried and convicted of economic sabotage and genocide, they were immediately executed by firing squad on 25 December and Ceaușescu was succeeded as President by Ion Iliescu, who had played a major part in the revolution. Capital punishment was abolished shortly thereafter.

Tasha Smith
Tasha Smith( born February 28, 1971) is an American actress, director and producer. She began her career in a starring role on the NBC comedy series" Boston Common"( 1996 – 97), and she later appeared in numerous movies and television series. Smith has appeared in films include" The Whole Ten Yards"( 2004)," Daddy's Little Girls"( 2007)," The Longshots"( 2008)," Couples Retreat"( 2009), and" Jumping the Broom"( 2011). She starred as Angela Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007), its sequel" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010), and on the television series based on the movies," For Better or Worse"( 2011–2017). In 2015, she began a recurring role as Carol Holloway on the Fox musical drama series" Empire". Later in the same year, Smith made her directorial debut.