The Dead Stars on Hollywood
The Dead Stars on Hollywood were an American rock band based in New York City, that incorporated elements of glam, new wave and goth into their alternative rock sound. The group's name was inspired by the" cinematic" imagery of the glory days of old Hollywood. The band's sound has been compared to and influenced by T. Rex, Love and Rockets and includes lyrical references to Sigue Sigue Sputnik.

Stars on Frankie
Stars on Frankie was the fourth and final album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1987. The album was the first proper Stars on 45 project since" The Superstars", released some five years earlier, during which time producer Jaap Eggermont had recorded three albums with spin- off group The Star Sisters. " Stars on Frankie" featured vocals by Peter Douglas who in 1987 had won" The Supermixshow"( the original Dutch format of TV show" Stars in Their Eyes") with his impersonation of Frank Sinatra. While the album revived the Stars on 45 formula of stringing together the recreated songs with an original chorus written by Eggermont and musical arranger Martin Duiser it was not set to a disco beat but had arrangements fairly true to Sinatra's original recordings, featuring a jazz ensemble with live strings and brass. The title track single" Stars on Frankie" became another Top 20 hit in the Netherlands, reaching# 16 on the chart, and the album itself was also a modest commercial success, peaking at# 59 and was also released in the rest of Continental Europe, Scandinavia and Japan. Douglas has since had a successful career in music, not just by interpreting Sinatra's repertoire but as a prominent jazz singer in his own right, singing both standards and evergreens as well as original material, releasing a series of albums under his own name and touring in both Europe and the United States. " Stars on Frankie" was the final Stars on 45 project to be produced by Jaap Eggermont, the creator of the original concept. A fifth studio album called" The Club Hits" using both the Stars on 45 name, the original logo on the album cover as well as a re-recording of Eggermont and Duiser's" Stars On 45 Theme" together with medleys of dance hits from the 70s, 80s and 90s was recorded in 1997 and released by EMI's sublabel Music Club International in Continental Europe to moderate commercial success. Neither Eggermont himself nor any of the original Stars on 45 musicians and singers were involved in the" Stars on 45- The Club Hits" project. " Stars on Frankie" is to date the only of the four original Stars on 45 studio albums to have been released to CD. The 12" version from" Stars On Frankie" however has( as of yet 2019) not been released on CD.

The Superstars
The Superstars was the third album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in March 1982. In the US, the album was retitled" Stars On Long Play III", released on Radio Records and credited to' Stars On'. In the UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand, the album was instead titled" Stars Medley", again credited to Starsound and released by CBS Records. Just like the first Stars on 45 album" The Superstars" was also issued in the Soviet Union and large parts of the Eastern Bloc by the state- owned label Melodiya, credited to Stars on 45 but released under the title" Discotheque Stars 2". The fourth Stars On 45 single released in both Europe and the U.S. was" Stars on Stevie", paying tribute to Stevie Wonder and including a selection of his best- known songs, ranging from his breakthrough single" Fingertips"( released in 1963 and credited to Little Stevie Wonder) to his then most recent US hit" Master Blaster( Jammin)". The" Stars On Stevie" medley- in the UK somewhat confusingly released by CBS as Starsound:" Stars Medley", the very same title as the album- became Stars On 45's fourth UK Top 20 hit, peaking at# 14 in February 1982. In the US, where it was given a third title," Stars On 45 III: In Tribute To Stevie Wonder", it reached# 28 on" Billboard"'s Hot 100 chart. The extended 12" mix of" Stars On Stevie" was included on Stars On 45's third full- length release" The Superstars", where it was the opening track on Side B, followed by an also- extended version of the single's B-side," It's Not A Wonder, It's A Miracle", written by the producer Jaap Eggermont and the musical arranger Martin Duiser. For the A- side of the album, Eggermont returned to the concept of the first Stars On 45 LP by again creating a sixteen- minute side- long medley, this time dedicated to" The Greatest Rock'n Roll Band in the World", The Rolling Stones. The 25 track medley charted the band's then 17- year- long career, from their 1965 breakthrough with"( I Ca n't Get No) Satisfaction" via classic hits like" Ruby TuesdaySympathy For The DevilMiss YouUnder My Thumb" and" Honky Tonk Women" all the way to the 1980 songs" Emotional Rescue" and" Start Me Up", a UK and US Top Ten hit in August 1981. " The Greatest Rock'n Roll Band In The World" single did not do as well on the charts however; while it became another Top 20 hit in the Netherlands and a few other European countries it failed to chart in both the UK and the US and" The Superstars" album itself met with the same fate, only reaching# 94 on the UK albums chart and failing to register on Billboard's Top 200 chart in the US. Consequently, for the following album project, the producer Jaap Eggermont made a radical change of the Stars On 45 concept by launching the spin- off group The Star Sisters, mainly covering material made famous by The Andrews Sisters and other stars from the 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s- and without the Stars On 45 disco beat and its characteristic handclaps. The Star Sisters released three albums and a series of singles between 1983 and 1987 whose commercial success was limited to continental Europe in general and the Benelux countries in particular. The" SuperstarsStars On Longplay IIIStars Medley" album in its entirety and in its original form remains unreleased on CD. The full length Stevie Wonder medley is commonly found on CD( the 7" version on a rare 1998 Dutch 100 superhits from the 1980s CD). The 7" Rolling Stones medley is also commonly found on CD and the full album version can be found on the 30th anniversary best of stars on 45 CD from 2011. All the B-sides and the Rolling Stones 12" version are, as of 2019, not released on CD.

The Dead Pop Stars
The Dead Pop Stars( stylized as THE DEAD P☆P STARS) is a Japanese visual kei rock band formed in 1992 by ex-Kamaitachi drummer Kenzi. Its current line- up consists of original members Aki and Kenzi on vocals and drums respectively, Hideto and Kentarou on guitar, and Ruiji on bass.

Longplay Album – Volume II
Longplay Album – Volume II was the second album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45, released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in August 1981. In the US the album was retitled" Stars On Long Play II", released on Radio Records and credited to' Stars On'. In the UK, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand the album was listed as" Stars on 45 Volume 2" or" Stars on 45- The Album- Volume 2", credited to Starsound and issued on CBS Records. Just like the first Stars on 45 album" Longplay Album – Volume II" was also officially released in the Eastern Bloc by state- owned czechoslovak label Opus, credited to Stars On 45 but under the title" Stars on 45- Volume II".

We Are the Dead
We Are the Dead may refer to:

Skaldowie
Skaldowie, a Cracow, Poland, rock group, was particularly popular from the 1960s to the 1980s. With their musical training and proximity to the folklore-rich area of Podhale, many of their tracks were a fusion of rock, folk, and classical music. Skaldowie formed in 1965 in Kraków (Cracow). Its founding members Andrzej and Jacek Zieliński's maternal grandparents hailed from Zakopane in the High Tatras, and both boys enjoyed spending time there and hiking in the mountains. Many of their compositions included references to folk music from the region. Skaldowie caused a stir in 1972 with the extent to which motifs from the Goral music of Podhale featured on their groundbreaking album "Krywań, Krywań" (Kriváň is a mountain on the Slovak side of the High Tatras). Its 18-minute title track, labeled a "suite" on the album cover, was a fusion of rock, folk, and classical music with quotations from works by Johann Sebastian Bach, Alexander Borodin, Modest Mussorgsky, Gioachino Rossini, and others. The lyrics, although credited as a folk song, were actually from the folkloric poem "Kriváň, High Kriváň!Krywaniu, Krywaniu wysoki!") by Kazimierz Przerwa-Tetmajer published in 1903. Between 1966 and 1980 they received numerous national awards and were one of the most popular musical groups in Poland.

Stars on Stevie
" Stars on Stevie" a.k.a." Stars Medley" a.k.a. " Stars on 45 III: In Tribute to Stevie Wonder" was a song issued in 1982 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, in the UK credited to' Starsound', in the US' Stars On'. It was the first single from the band's third full- length release" The Superstars"( UK title:" Stars Medley", US title:" Stars on Longplay III") and was Stars on 45's fourth single release in both Europe and North America. The" Stars on Stevie" medley featured a selection of songs made famous by Stevie Wonder, ranging from his first US hit" Fingertips" released in 1963 via classics like" Is n't She Lovely You Are the Sunshine of My Life Sir Duke" and" Yester- Me, Yester- You, Yesterday" to his then most recent American charttopper" Master Blaster( Jammin)". The soundalike vocals were provided by established Dutch singer Tony Sherman( born Renold Shearman in Curaçao), who had started his career in music as early as in 1970 with Dutch- Caribbean funk band Reality and releasing a series of albums with them before going solo in the late 70s. " Stars on Stevie" became the highest charting Stars on 45 single in the US since their first charttopping Beatles medley, peaking at# 28 on" Billboard"'s Hot 100. In the UK it became the group's fourth consecutive Top 20 hit, peaking at# 14 in February 1982, slightly higher in Ireland at# 10 and it was indeed a# 20 hit in most parts of Europe. In the Netherlands" Stars on Stevie" reached# 6, making it their fourth Top 10 hit within the space of twelve months. The" Stars on Stevie" medley was re-issued in 1991 under the title" Stars on Stevie Megamix" on the German Arcade label to promote" The Very Best of Stars on 45" and has since appeared on a number of other" greatest hits" compilations with the group; the only difference between these two versions however is the sound of a live audience that has been overdubbed throughout the" Megamix", in all other respects they are in fact identical.

Stars on Parade
Stars on Parade may refer to:

Stars on Frankie (song)
" Stars on Frankie" was a song issued in 1987 by the Dutch studio group Stars on 45, taken from the album of the same title. " Stars on Frankie" was the first proper Stars on 45 single since 1982's Rolling Stones medley" The Greatest Rock'n Roll Band in the World". Since then producer Jaap Eggermont had recorded three albums with spin- off group The Star Sisters, mainly covering songs made famous by the Andrews Sisters and other jazz standards and evergreens from the 1940s, 1950s and early 1960s. When singer Peter Douglas in early 1987 won the Dutch soundalike contest" The Supermixshow"( the original format of TV show" Stars in Their Eyes") with his impersonation of Frank Sinatra Eggermont consequently contacted him offering him a recording contract. The result was the" Stars on Frankie" single and album, released under the' Stars on 45' moniker. While the single failed to chart internationally it became another Top 20 hit in the Netherlands, peaking at# 16 and the following album was also a minor commercial success, reaching the lower regions of the Dutch albums chart and it was subsequently also released in the rest of Continental Europe, Scandinavia and Japan. " Stars on Frankie" became the final original Stars on 45 project to be produced by Jaap Eggermont. A single and an album titled" Stars on 45- The Club Hits" was some ten years later released on the Music Club International label, featuring both re-recordings of Eggermont and musical arranger Martin Duiser's original" Stars on 45" themes together with newly recorded hits medleys as well as using the band logo on the album covers. Neither Eggermont, Duiser nor any of the original Stars on 45 musicians or singers were however involved in the creation of this project.