Mere Rashke Qamar
"Mere Rashke Qamar" (Hindi: "मेरे रश्के क़मर"; lit. " O Envy of the Moon") is a ghazal-qawwali written by Urdu poet Fana Buland Shehri and composed by Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. It was first performed in 1988 by Khan, and popularized by him and his nephew Rahat Fateh Ali Khan several times in different concerts.

Raman Kapoor
Raman Kapoor is an Indian singer and songwriter from Gurgaon, India. He was a contestant on the TV shows" Sa Re Ga Ma Pa" and" Rising Star". He is known for his songs" Neat DaruDo Ghunt PiladePunjabi Song Saiyaan Mere Rashke Qamar"

Koit Toome
Koit Toome( born 3 January 1979), is an Estonian singer and musical actor. He has twice represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest. In 1998 he finished 12th with the song Mere lapsed. In 2017 he sang a duet with Laura Põldvere, entitled Verona.

Michelangelo Faggioli
Michelangelo Faggioli( 1666–1733) was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect. A founder of a new genre of Neapolitan comedy, he was the composer of the opera buffa" La Cilla" in 1706.

Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan
Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan (Urdu/), born Pervez Fateh Ali Khan (13 October 1948 – 16 August 1997), was a Pakistani vocalist and musician, primarily a singer of Qawwali, a form of Sufi Islamic devotional music. Widely considered one of the greatest voices ever recorded, he possessed an extraordinary range of vocal abilities and could perform at a high level of intensity for several hours. He belonged to the Patiala gharana extending the 600-year old Qawwali tradition of his family, Khan is widely credited with introducing Qawwali music to international audiences. He is popularly known as "Shehnshah-e-Qawwali", meaning "The King of Kings of Qawwali". Born in Faisalabad, Khan had his first public performance at the age of 15, at his father's chelum. He became the head of the family qawwali party in 1971. He was signed by Oriental Star Agencies, Birmingham, England in the early 1980s. Khan went on to release movie scores and albums in Europe, India, Japan, Pakistan and the U.S. He engaged in collaborations and experiments with Western artists, becoming a well-known world music artist. He toured extensively, performing in over 40 countries. In addition to popularising Qawwali music, he also had a big impact on contemporary South Asian popular music, including Pakistani pop, Indi-pop and Bollywood music.

Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Alexandru Cristea
Alexandru Cristea( 1890 – 1942) was the composer of the music for" Limba Noastră", current national anthem of Moldova.

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.