Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

James Longstreet
James Longstreet (January 8, 1821January 2, 1904) was one of the foremost Confederate generals of the American Civil War and the principal subordinate to General Robert E. Lee, who called him his "Old War Horse". He served under Lee as a corps commander for most of the famous battles fought by the Army of Northern Virginia in the Eastern Theater, and briefly with Braxton Bragg in the Army of Tennessee in the Western Theater. After graduating from the United States Military Academy at West Point, Longstreet served in the Mexican–American War. He was wounded in the thigh at the Battle of Chapultepec, and afterward married his first wife, Louise Garland. Throughout the 1850s, he served on frontier duty in the American Southwest. In June 1861, Longstreet resigned his U.S. Army commission and joined the Confederate Army. He commanded Confederate troops during an early victory at Blackburn's Ford in July and played a minor role at the First Battle of Bull Run. Longstreet made significant contributions to several important Confederate victories, mostly in the Eastern Theater as one of Robert E. Lee's chief subordinates in the Army of Northern Virginia. He performed poorly at Seven Pines by accidentally marching his men down the wrong road, causing them to be late in arrival, but played an important role in the success of the Seven Days Battles in the summer of 1862. Longstreet led a devastating counterattack that routed the Union army at Second Bull Run in August. His men held their ground in defensive roles at Antietam and Fredericksburg. Longstreet's most controversial service was at the Battle of Gettysburg in July 1863, where he openly disagreed with General Lee on the tactics to be employed and reluctantly supervised several unsuccessful attacks on Union forces, including the disastrous Pickett's Charge. Afterwards, Longstreet was, at his own request, sent to the Western Theater to fight under Braxton Bragg, where his troops launched a ferocious assault on the Union lines at Chickamauga, which carried the day. Afterwards, his performance in semiautonomous command during the Knoxville Campaign resulted in a Confederate defeat. Longstreet's tenure in the Western Theater was marred by his central role in numerous conflicts amongst Confederate generals. Unhappy serving under Bragg, Longstreet and his men were sent back to Lee. He ably commanded troops during the Battle of the Wilderness in 1864, where he was seriously wounded by friendly fire. He later returned to the field, serving under Lee in the Siege of Petersburg and the Appomattox Campaign. He enjoyed a successful post-war career working for the U.S. government as a diplomat, civil servant, and administrator. His conversion to the Republican Party and his cooperation with his old friend, President Ulysses S. Grant, as well as critical comments he wrote about Lee's wartime performance, made him anathema to many of his former Confederate colleagues. His reputation in the South further suffered when he led African-American militia against the anti-Reconstruction White League at the Battle of Liberty Place in 1874. Authors of the Lost Cause movement focused on Longstreet's actions at Gettysburg as a primary reason for the Confederacy's loss of the war. Since the late 20th century, his reputation has undergone a slow reassessment. Many Civil War historians now consider him among the war's most gifted tactical commanders.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.

Yaya Soumahoro
Yaya Alfa Soumahoro (born 28 September 1989) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Having begun his career with Séwé Sports in his native country, he joined Thai club Muangthong United in 2008. His good performances earned him a move to K.A.A. Gent in 2010. He spent five and a half seasons with Gent but was plagued by recurring injuries throughout his time there. Following a half-season loan to Sint-Truidense V.V., he returned to Muangthong United where did not feature. In 2018, he joined Egyptian side Wadi Degla SC.

John Korty
John Korty( born June 22, 1936) is an American film director and animator, best known for the television film" The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and the documentary" Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?", as well as the theatrical animated feature" Twice Upon a Time". He has won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature( for" Who Are the DeBolts?") and several other major awards. He is described by the film critic Leonard Maltin as" a principled filmmaker who has worked both outside and within the mainstream, attempting to find projects that support his humanistic beliefs".

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.

Donnie Elbert
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.

Helen Dortch Longstreet
Helen Dortch Longstreet (April 20, 1863 – May 3, 1962), known as the "Fighting Lady", was an American social advocate, librarian, and newspaper woman serving as reporter, editor, publisher, and business manager. She was the first woman who tried to secure a public office in the state of Georgia. Known as the "Fighting Lady," she was the second wife of Confederate General James Longstreet. She earned her nickname from being a champion of causes such as preservation of the environment and civil rights. She is also remembered for her work as a Confederate memorialist and postmistress. In Governor William Yates Atkinson's first campaign, she rendered him valuable service by her vigorous editorials. Her stirring fight to have women made eligible to the position of State Librarian was the first successful movement in the State of Georgia toward breaking down the prejudice against women holding high political positions. Dortch Longstreet was the proprietor and editor of two weeklies, Vice-President of the Georgia Weekly Press Association, Secretary of the Woman's Press Club of Georgia, and Assistant Librarian of the State of Georgia. She was also the leader of the movement to have the Georgia University opened to women, was an advocate of modern industrial education, and took interest in the advancement of the women of her State and country.

Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.