You and Me Equals Us
You and Me Equals Us is the second studio album by American musician, Colonel Abrams, released in 1987 through MCA Records.

Join the Triumph
Join the Triumph marks the first album from Citizens& Saints. It is their second studio album after 2013's" Citizens" release with label mates BEC Recordings. The album came out on November 11, 2014.

Goran Bregović (album)
Goran Bregović is a self- titled album by Bijelo dugme's frontman Goran Bregović, released in 1976 in- between the band's second(" Šta bi dao da si na mom mjestu") and third(" Eto! Baš hoću!") studio albums. Although the title and sleeve announce it as a solo Bregović record, album" Goran Bregović" is actually a conceptual smorgasbord of different new and recycled material. It consists of:

Album Number 2
Album# 2 – also known as The Outsiders Album# 2 or simply# 2 – is the second studio album by the Outsiders.

Eto! Baš hoću!
Eto! Baš hoću! ( trans. " There! I Will!") is the third studio album by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme, released in 1976. " Eto! Baš hoću!" was the band's first album which was not recorded by the band's default lineup. It did not feature the bass guitarist Zoran Redžić, the drummer Ipe Ivandić and the keyboardist Vlado Pravdić, as all three were serving their mandatory army stints at the time. It was the band's first album to feature keyboardist Laza Ristovski, and the band's only album to feature Milić Vukašinović on drums. In 1998, the album was polled as the 31st on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book(" YU 100: The Best Albums of Yugoslav Pop and Rock Music"). In 2015, the album was pronounced the 36th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav albums published by Croatian edition of" Rolling Stone".

Mulberry Violence
Mulberry Violence is the debut album by American experimental artist Trevor Powers. The album came out on August 17, 2018 ..

A Town South of Bakersfield
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam. The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane. The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.

Marching for Liberty
Marching for Liberty is the third studio album by Hungarian heavy metal band Wisdom, released on September 27, 2013, through Noise Art Records. The album came out in Hungary one week later through Nail Records.

Dat Whoopty Woop
Dat Whoopty Woop is the debut album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly. The album came out on July 31, 2001.

Colonel Abrams (album)
Colonel Abrams is the self- titled debut studio album by American musician, Colonel Abrams, released in 1985 through MCA Records.