The Reincarnation of Golden Lotus
The Reincarnation of Golden Lotus is a 1989 Hong Kong film directed by Clara Law and produced by Teddy Robin, and written by Lilian Lee. The film stars Joey Wong, Eric Tsang, Wilson Lam, Pal Sinn, and Ku Feng. The film premiered in Taiwan on 4 August 1989.

I'll Get By (film)
I'll Get By is a 1950 Technicolor musical directed by Richard Sale, and starring June Haver, Gloria DeHaven and William Lundigan. This story follows themes explored in 1940's" Tin Pan Alley", with updated characters and music. The plot revolves around songwriters and their struggles in the music industry.

9th Jebtsundamba Khutughtu
The 9th Jebtsundamba Khutughtu( January 6, 1933 – March 1, 2012) was the 9th reincarnation of the Jebtsundamba Khutuktu, the third highest lama in the Tibetan Buddhism hierarchy and the spiritual leader of the Gelug lineage among the Khalkha Mongols. Although recognized as the reincarnation of the Bogd Khan in 1936, his identity was kept a secret by the Dalai Lama until 1990 due the persecution of the Buddhist religion by the Mongolian People's Republic, and did not reside in Mongolia until the final year of his life.

Richard Sale (director)
Richard Sale,( December 17, 1911, in New York – March 4, 1993, in Los Angeles) was an American screenwriter, pulp writer, and film director.

Max Ehrlich (writer)
Max Simon Ehrlich (October 10, 1909 – February 11, 1983) was an American writer. He is best known for the novel "The Reincarnation of Peter Proud" and the movie of the same name.

Escape Route (film)
Escape Route is a 1952 British thriller film, directed by Seymour Friedman and Peter Graham Scott, and starring George Raft, Sally Gray and Clifford Evans. The film was known in the US as I'll Get You( not to be confused with an earlier Raft film," I'll Get You for This").

Pal Sinn
Pal Sinn Lap- man( born 17 March 1959) is a Hong Kong musician and actor, he plays bass for the band Blue Jeans. Sinn is noted for his roles as Ximen Qing in" The Reincarnation of Golden Lotus", for which he received Hong Kong Film Award nomination for Best New Performer.

Unmistaken Child
Unmistaken Child is a 2008 independent documentary film, which follows a Tibetan Buddhist monk's search for the reincarnation of his beloved teacher, a world- renowned lama. It was directed by Nati Baratz.

Clara Law
Clara Law Cheuk-yiu (born 29 May 1957 in Macau) is a Hong Kong Second Wave film director. Law currently resides in Australia.

The Reincarnation of Peter Proud
The Reincarnation of Peter Proud is a 1975 American horror film directed by J. Lee Thompson, and starring Michael Sarrazin, Margot Kidder, and Jennifer O'Neill. It s plot follows a professor who, after experiencing a series of bizarre nightmares, comes to believe he is the reincarnation of someone else. The film is based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Max Ehrlich, who adapted the screenplay.