Dylan Avery
Dylan Avery( born November 1, 1983) is an American filmmaker and the creator of the" Loose Change" films.

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Jim Henson
James Maury Henson (September 24, 1936 – May 16, 1990) was an American puppeteer, animator, cartoonist, actor, inventor, filmmaker, and screenwriter who achieved worldwide notice as the creator of The Muppets (1955–present) and "Fraggle Rock" (1983–1987); and as the director of "The Dark Crystal" (1982) and "Labyrinth" (1986). He was born in Greenville, Mississippi, and raised in Leland, Mississippi, and University Park, Maryland.
Henson began developing puppets in high school. He created "Sam and Friends", a short-form comedy television program, while he was a freshman at the University of Maryland, College Park. He graduated from the University of Maryland with a degree in home economics, after which he produced coffee advertisements and developed experimental films. In 1958, he co-founded Muppets, Inc., which became The Jim Henson Company. In 1969, Henson joined the children's educational television program "Sesame Street" where he helped to develop characters for the series. He and his creative team also appeared on the sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live". He produced "The Muppet Show" during this period, premiering the series in 1976. He won fame for his characters, particularly Kermit the Frog, Rowlf the Dog, and Ernie. During the later years of his life, he founded the Jim Henson Foundation and Jim Henson's Creature Shop. He won the Emmy Award twice for his involvement in "The Storyteller" and "The Jim Henson Hour". On May 16, 1990, Henson died from toxic shock syndrome in New York City at the age of 53. His remains were cremated and the ashes were scattered near Taos, New Mexico. In the weeks following his death, he was celebrated with a wave of tributes. He was posthumously inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1991 and was selected to be one of the Disney Legends in 2011.

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Lady Gaga and the Muppets Holiday Spectacular
Lady Gaga and the Muppets Holiday Spectacular is a Thanksgiving television special with American singer Lady Gaga and the Muppets. The 90- minute program aired on ABC on November 28, 2013, with guest stars Joseph Gordon- Levitt, Elton John and RuPaul and an appearance by Kristen Bell. It was the second Gaga Thanksgiving special on ABC, after" A Very Gaga Thanksgiving" in 2011. The singer had previously collaborated with the Muppets on media appearances and in her shows. The special featured songs from Gaga's third studio album," Artpop", and duets with the guest stars. Critics gave the special mixed reviews, with some praising Gaga for being relatable in the show. Other reviewers were disappointed with its lack of production ideas, other than as a promotion for" Artpop". It had lower ratings than other Thanksgiving specials, with a total of 3.62 million viewers and a 0.9 rating in the adult age 18–49 demographic.

The Muppets on Puppets
The Muppets on Puppets is a 1970 TV special created by Jim Henson. The special was produced in June 1968 at public television station WITF-TV in Hershey, Pennsylvania, for National Educational Television (now PBS). It aired on New York’s WNET on January 5, 1970, as part of the station's "Adventure in the Arts" anthology series. Henson and company made three additional specials in color as part of the series at WITF-TV. The special is included as a bonus feature on the DVD set "The Muppet Show: Season Three". This release includes a few audio drop-outs due to the video source.

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".