Carlos F. Borcosque
Carlos Francisco Borcosque Sánchez( 9 September 1894 in Valparaíso, Chile – 5 September 1965 in Buenos Aires) was a Chilean film director and screenwriter involved in the production of the Cinema of Argentina. He established Estudios Cinematográficos Borcosque in Santiago in 1922 and directed several Chilean silent movies before he moved to Hollywood in 1926 where he worked as a consultant on Latin- based movies, and had a spell working for Paramount Pictures. Between 1922 and his death in 1965 Borcosque was responsible for directing and screenwriting mostly simultaneously some 45 different feature films including the 1951 film" El alma de los niños".

Cuando en el cielo pasen lista
Cuando en el cielo pasen lista is a 1945 Argentine film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque.

El Cielo en las manos
El Cielo en las manos is a 1950 Argentine film.

Ben Palmer
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is known for being the director of" Bo' Selecta" and" The Inbetweeners".

Edward Zwick
Edward M. Zwick( born October 8, 1952) is an American filmmaker and producer of film and television. He has worked primarily in the comedy- drama and epic historical film genres, including" About Last Night, Glory, Legends of the Fall," and" The Last Samurai." He is also the co-creator of the television series" thirtysomething" and" Once and Again". Zwick's prolific body of work has earned numerous accolades, including an Academy Award and BAFTA Award for Best Picture, and Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Drama Series, Outstanding Writing in a Limited Series, and Outstanding Dramatic Special. He has additionally been nominated for multiple Golden Globe Awards.

Cinco gallinas y el cielo
Cinco gallinas y el cielo is a 1957 Argentine film.

Legends of the Fall
Legends of the Fall is a 1994 American epic historical drama film directed by Edward Zwick and starring Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, Aidan Quinn, Julia Ormond and Henry Thomas. Based on the 1979 novella of the same title by Jim Harrison, the film is about three brothers and their father living in the wilderness and plains of Montana in the early 20th century and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love. The film's time frame spans from World War I through the Prohibition era, ending with a brief scene set in 1963. The film was nominated for three Academy Awards and won for Best Cinematography( John Toll). Both the film and book contain occasional Cornish language terms, the Ludlows being a Cornish emigrant family.

Ricardo Passano
Ricardo Passano( April 19, 1922 in Caballito, Buenos Aires – December 13, 2012 in Ituzaingo) was an Argentine actor. He starred in the acclaimed Silver Condor- winning 1943 film" Juvenilia". Other notable roles include" Cuando en el cielo pasen lista"( 1945) and" El mal amor"( 1955).

When Spring Makes a Mistake
When Spring Makes a Mistake or Cuando la primavera se equivoca is a 1944 Argentine film directed by Mario Soffici.

Así en el cielo como en la tierra
Así en el cielo como en la tierra ( On earth as it is in heaven, referencing the Our Father) is a 1995 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Cuerda.