Sanjay Gupta
Sanjay Gupta (born October 23, 1969) is an American neurosurgeon and medical reporter. He serves as associate chief of the neurosurgery service at Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia, and as assistant professor of neurosurgery at the Emory University School of Medicine. Gupta is known for his many TV appearances on health-related issues. He is the chief medical correspondent and the host of CNN show Sanjay Gupta MD for which he has won multiple Emmy Awards. He is a frequent contributor to other CNN programs such as "American MorningLarry King Live" and "Anderson Cooper 360°". His reports from Charity Hospital, New Orleans, Louisiana, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina led to him winning a 2006 Emmy Award for "Outstanding Feature Story in a Regularly Scheduled Newscast". He is also a special correspondent for CBS News. In September 2019, Dr. Sanjay Gupta and Marc Hodosh (Co-Creator of TEDMED) announced a new event called Life Itself, set to launch in 2020 in partnership with CNN. Both Gupta and Hodosh will serve as hosts and organizers. In print, Gupta publishes a column in "Time" magazine, and authored a number of best selling books such as "Chasing Life" and "Cheating Death". In April 2019, "Chasing Life" was adapted as a six-show TV miniseries on CNN that took him to Japan, India, Bolivia, Norway, Italy, and Turkey. His novel "Monday Mornings" became an instant "New York Times" bestseller on its release in March 2012. It was adapted as a 2013 television series with David E. Kelley and Gupta serving as executive producers. From 1997 to 1998, he served as one of fifteen White House Fellows, primarily as an advisor to Hillary Clinton. In January 2009, it was reported that Gupta was offered the position of Surgeon General of the United States in the Obama administration, but he withdrew his name from consideration. In January 2011, he was named "one of the 10 most influential celebrities" by "Forbes" magazine.

David Whiteley
David Whiteley( born 4 May 1977 in Essex, UK) is the presenter of the BBC TV documentary programme" Inside Out- East".

Spencer Kelly
Spencer Kelly is the presenter of the BBC's technology programme" Click", broadcast on the BBC World News and the BBC News Channel in the United Kingdom.

George Alagiah
George Maxwell Alagiah( born 22 November 1955) is a British newsreader, journalist and television news presenter. Since 3 December 2007, he has been the presenter of the" BBC News at Six" and has also been the main presenter of" GMT" on BBC World News since its launch on 1 February 2010. He is also the main relief presenter for the" BBC Ten O'Clock News" and has held this role since its launch in 2000, making him the longest serving presenter of the flagship news programme.

Patricia Charnelet
Patricia Charnelet, born 2 July 1951 in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, is a French journalist and was the presenter of the news show on Antenne 2 from 1986 at 1989.

William Crawley
William Crawley is a Belfast- born BBC journalist and broadcaster. He is the presenter of" Talkback", a daily radio phone- in show on BBC Radio Ulster, and he is a presenter of" Sunday" on BBC Radio 4. He has also made several television series for BBC Northern Ireland.

Mike Sherman (TV presenter)
Mike Sherman is the presenter of" On the Mike with Mike Sherman" that aired from 2006 to 2011. Prior to that, he presented" The Mike Sherman Show". Today, he is the presenter of" Before the Fame", a celebrity- based weekly television show from Miami, Florida that showcases well- known celebrities before they were famous. Mike received a Film, Recording and Entertainment Council( FREC) award in 2010 for Best TV Host in South Florida.

The Next List
The Next List is a 30-minute weekend television program on CNN. It aired every Saturday afternoon at 2:30 pm ET/PT and was hosted by Dr. Sanjay Gupta. CNN announced cancellation in September 2013. Each week, the show profiled innovators, visionaries, and agents of change from around the world who are steadily mapping the course to the future with their new ideas. Each half-hour episode featured one 'Next Lister' and told their story about what they're doing to change the world, what challenges they faced, and the innovative approaches they've developed to overcome obstacles. Next Listers are creative, passionate, and embracers of opportunity and change. The show premiered on November 13, 2011 and featured cyber-illusionist Marco Tempest.

Andy Muirhead
Andrew Robert" Andy" Muirhead( born 1975) is an Australian former radio and television presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He was the presenter of ABC Radio's breakfast program in Tasmania and also the presenter of the" Collectors" television program from 2005 to 2010. In 2012, he pleaded guilty to accessing child pornography and served four months of a five- month jail sentence.

Lerato Mbele
Lerato Mbele- Roberts is a South African journalist and broadcaster working for the BBC. Mbele is the presenter of “ Talking Business Africa ” and was the presenter of the long running “ Africa Business Report" on BBC World News. She used to be one of the main presenters of" Newsday" on the.