East Atlanta
East Atlanta is a neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta, Georgia, United States The name East Atlanta Village primarily refers to the neighborhood's commercial district.

The Boy with the Thorn in His Side (book)
The Boy with the Thorn in His Side is a 2005 book written by Pete Wentz the bassist and lyricist of the Illinois pop punk band, Fall Out Boy. The book was illustrated by Joe Tesauro and published by Clandestine Industries. The story of the book is influenced by the recurring nightmares Wentz suffered as a child. It is named after the song" The Boy with the Thorn in His Side" by The Smiths.

The Boy with the Thorn in His Side
The Boy with the Thorn in His Side may mean:

Both (song)
" Both" is the third single from American rapper Gucci Mane's tenth studio album" The Return of East Atlanta Santa". The song features Canadian rapper Drake. The song was written by Radric Davis, Aubrey Graham, Leland Wayne and Joshua Luellen, the latter which are Metro Boomin and Southside provided the production for the song. This songs marks their second collaboration following the 2016 song" Back on Road".

The Return of the Third Tower
The Return of the Third Tower is the third album by The Howling Hex. It was released as an LP by Drag City in 2004.

The Thorn in Mrs. Rose's Side
The Thorn in Mrs. Rose's Side is the debut album by Biff Rose. It was released in 1968 on Bill Cosby's music label Tetragrammaton Records. " Fill Your Heart" was written together with American composer, singer- songwriter, and actor Paul Williams. The two met while working together on a television comedy show. Tiny Tim released" Fill Your Heart" on his album," God Bless Tiny Tim", six months before Biff Rose's own version. It was also released as the B-side of Tiny Tim's 1968 hit," Tiptoe Through the Tulips". David Bowie took a liking to “ Fill Your Heart ”. It was in his live sets by early 1970 and it led off the second side of his 1971 album," Hunky Dory". Bowie also covered" Buzz the Fuzz" in his live set in 1970- 71. He also covered the title track of Rose's 1969 album," Children of Light", during live concerts.

East Atlanta Santa
East Atlanta Santa is a mixtape by American rapper Gucci Mane. The mixtape was released on December 25, 2014, by 1017 Records and 101 Distribution. The album features guest appearances from Shawty Lo, Raury and OJ da Juiceman. The album features production from DJ Spinz, Metro Boomin, Drumma Boy, Zaytoven, Doughboy Beatz, Honorable C.N.O.T.E. and members from the 808 Mafia.

The Return of Rock
The Return of Rock is an album by Jerry Lee Lewis released on the Smash label in 1965.

The Return of East Atlanta Santa
The Return of East Atlanta Santa is the tenth studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was released on December 16, 2016, by Atlantic Records and GUWOP Enterprises. The record serves as Gucci Mane's third commercial release of the year, following his release from prison, after" Everybody Looking"( 2016) and" Woptober"( 2016). The album features guest appearances from rappers Drake and Travis Scott, alongside singer Bryson Tiller, while the production was handled by Metro Boomin, Southside, Bangladesh, Zaytoven, Mike Will Made It and Murda Beatz, among others. " The Return of East Atlanta Santa" was supported by three singles:" Last Time Drove U Crazy" and" Both", along with two promotional singles," St. Brick Intro" and" Stutter".

The Return……
The Return …… ( full title The Return of the Darkness and Evil) is the second studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on vinyl on 27 May 1985, through Combat Records in the US. " The Return … …" had a significant influence on the then- emerging death metal and black metal genres.