R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

John Douglas Woodward
John Douglas Woodward( July 12, 1846 – June 5, 1924), usually simply J.D. or Douglas Woodward, was an American landscape artist and illustrator. He was one of the country's" best- known painters and illustrators". He produced hundreds of scenes of the United States, Northern Europe, the Holy Land, and Egypt, many of which were reproduced in popular magazines of the day.

Susan Crosland
Susan Barnes Crosland( 23 January 1927 – 26 February 2011) was an American journalist and novelist who was resident in London for more than fifty years. She was the widow of the Labour Party politician Anthony Crosland. Born Susan Barnes Watson in Baltimore, Maryland, the descendant of passengers on the" Mayflower", she was the daughter of Mark Skinner Watson, a defence correspondent for" The Baltimore Sun", later the publication's editor, and Susan Owens who was also a journalist. She graduated from Vassar College and taught at the Baltimore Museum of Art. In 1952 she married Patrick Skene Catling, then working with her father, and relocated to London in 1956 when Catling was posted to the London office of" The Baltimore Sun". At a party during the year she met Anthony Crosland shortly after" The Future of Socialism", his most significant book, had been published. Her first marriage collapsed in 1960, and she and Crosland married in 1964; they kept separate residences at first. By now she had begun to write for British newspapers, originally as Susan Barnes. Taken on by John Junor of" The Sunday Express" just prior to her divorce, she freelanced after her second marriage, and specialised in writing features and profile articles. Following a period on the pre-Murdoch" The Sun", Crosland worked for" The Sunday Times" from 1970. Noted for her profiles, she insisted on not interviewing the wives of' great men' feeling that" they wanted to perpetuate the image". Labour politician Tony Benn though, one of her subjects and a friend of her husband, persuaded Crosland not publish an article dedicated to himself( he had been allowed to vet it) which Benn considered unflattering. The interview was eventually published in" The Spectator" during October 1987. Anthony Crosland had a fatal stroke in February 1977. His wife had strongly supported him throughout his periods as a Cabinet Minister, culminating in his appointment as Foreign Secretary in 1976, was pressed to stand as the Labour candidate for his Grimsby constituency in the subsequent by-election. She declined, but subsequently wrote a well- received biography of him published in 1982. One friend she acquired in this period via the biography, Therese Lawson, second wife of the Conservative politician Nigel Lawson, once spoke of the impression Crosland made on her: Some people make a deliberate stage entrance. Susan is n't like that but she does have a definite presence. Her voice has a slow, gentle, appealing laugh to it. It's not in the least bit raucous. Susan is much too ladylike for that. She has a particular American sense of humour which I appreciate. Resuming her writing career, a biography of Anthony Blunt fell through after Crosland had already spent a third of the advance. George Weidenfeld, her publisher, suggested a novel instead, the result" Ruling Passions" appeared in 1989, the first of several works of fiction ending with" The Politician's Wife" in 2001. Crosland also assembled two volumes of collected journalism. By the mid-1980s, Crosland had formed a deep platonic relationship with the conservative journalist Auberon Waugh which lasted until his death in 2001. By then she had begun to suffer from severe arthritis, thought to have had its origins in a riding accident she had suffered at eighteen, and acquired the MRSA bacterium while in hospital having a hip replaced; the infection went undiagnosed for some time. Susan Crosland was survived by her first husband and their two daughters.

Douglas Vautin
Douglas Vautin( 26 July 1896 – 11 January 1976) was an Australian cricketer. He played one first- class match for Tasmania in 1929/30.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Anthony Crosland
Charles Anthony Raven Crosland( 29 August 1918 – 19 February 1977), also known as Tony Crosland or C. A. R. Crosland, was a British Labour Party politician and author. Crosland served as Member of Parliament for South Gloucestershire( 1950 – 55). He was a prominent socialist intellectual, on the social democratic wing on the right of the party. His influential book" The Future of Socialism"( 1956) argued against many Marxist notions and the traditional Labour Party doctrine that expanding public ownership was essential to make socialism work, arguing instead for prioritising the end of poverty and improving public services. He offered positive alternatives to both the right and left- wing of the Labour Party of his day. Crosland returned to Parliament for Great Grimsby( 1959 – 77). During Harold Wilson's governments of 1964- 1970 he served as Economic Secretary to the Treasury( 1964), then Minister of State for Economic Affairs( 1964 – 65). Entering the Cabinet as Secretary of State for Education and Science( 1965 – 67), he led the Labour campaign to replace grammar schools with comprehensive schools that did not use the Eleven- plus for the selection of pupils. He later served as President of the Board of Trade( 1967 – 69), then Secretary of State for Local Government and Regional Planning( 1969 – 70). When Labour returned to power he served as Secretary of State for the Environment( 1974 – 76) and briefly as Foreign Secretary( 1976 – 77). In that role he promoted détente with the Soviet Union. He died suddenly in February 1977 of a cerebral haemorrhage, aged 58.

Dick Leonard
Richard Lawrence Leonard( born 12 December 1930) is a British writer and journalist, writing as Dick Leonard, and also a former British Labour politician. He is a pro-European social democrat and was a supporter of the late Labour Foreign Secretary Anthony Crosland who championed Gaitskellism. He is married to Irène Heidelberger- Leonard, a scholar of postwar German literature, and is the father of Mark Leonard, an expert on foreign policy, and Miriam Leonard, a classical scholar. Dick Leonard was educated at the Institute of Education at London University and the University of Essex, where he graduated with a MA degree. He was Deputy General Secretary of the Fabian Society from 1955 to 1960, where he founded the Young Fabians in 1960, he also became a freelance journalist and broadcaster. From 1968 to 1970 he was a senior research fellow( Social Science Research Council) at Essex. He served as Member of Parliament for Romford from 1970 until the February 1974 general election, when there were major changes made to the constituency boundary. During his time in the House he was PPS to Anthony Crosland. From 1974 to 1985 he was Assistant Editor of" The Economist". He served as Europe Correspondent in Brussels for" The Observer"( London) from 1989 to 1997. He remained in Brussels until 2009 and wrote on Belgian politics in The Bulletin, and on European affairs in" The Guardian"( London), the" Financial Times", the" Times Literary SupplementEuropean Voice", and other newspapers in several countries. Dick Leonard has been a Visiting Professor at the Free University of Brussels and a Senior Adviser at the Centre for European Policy Studies. He lives in London.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.