George Stewart, 9th Seigneur d'Aubigny
George Stewart (or Stuart), 9th Seigneur d'Aubigny (17 July 1618 – 23 October 1642) was a Scottish nobleman and Royalist commander in the English Civil War. He was the son of Esmé Stewart, 3rd Duke of Lennox, and his wife Katherine Clifton, 2nd Baroness Clifton, and the brother of James Stewart, 1st Duke of Richmond and 4th Duke of Lennox, and of the Royalist commander Lord Bernard Stewart. Stewart, his older brother Henry, and younger brother Ludovic were brought up at Aubigny in France as Roman Catholics under the charge of their paternal grandmother, the old Duchess-Dowager, Katherine de Balsac. Stewart's father, the Duke of Lennox, died in 1624, and Stewart became a ward of his cousin, King Charles I of England. He inherited the Lordship of Aubigny at the age of 14 on the death of his elder brother Henry in 1632. By 1633, he was a student at the Collège de Navarre, part of the University of Paris, and he did homage to Louis XIII of France for the lordship of Aubigny on 5 August 1636, shortly after his eighteenth birthday. Later that year he moved to England. In 1638 he secretly married Katherine Howard, the daughter of Theophilus Howard, 2nd Earl of Suffolk, and Elizabeth Home, without her father's consent, offending his guardian the king. The portrait of Stewart by Anthony van Dyck, now in the National Portrait Gallery, London, may have been painted to mark his marriage; the Latin inscription can be translated "Love is stronger than I am" which may allude to his conflicting loyalties. His younger brothers Lords John and Bernard are shown in a still more famous double Van Dyck portrait in the National Gallery, London - the iconic image of Cavaliers. They were also both killed in the Civil War.
George Stewart and Katherine Howard had two children: He fought with the French against the Spanish in the Battle of Montjuïc (1641). As civil war loomed in England, Stewart joined the forces of King Charles at York where he was knighted on 18 April 1642 along with his brother Bernard. He was mortally wounded in the first pitched battle of the war at Edgehill on Sunday 23 October 1642, aged 24. He was buried in Christ Church Cathedral, Oxford. The lordship of Aubigny passed to his next brother, Ludovic, on his death. His widow remarried James Levingston, 1st Earl of Newburgh and had one further child Elizabeth. They were suspected in 1648 of plotting to rescue Charles I and on the discovery of the supposed plot fled to the Netherlands where Katherine died in 1650.

Esmé Stewart, 3rd Duke of Lennox
Esmé Stewart, 3rd Duke of Lennox KG (157930 July 1624) was the son of Esmé Stewart, 1st Duke of Lennox and Catherine de Balsac. He was a patron of the playwright Ben Jonson, who lived in his household for five years. At the death of his brother the 2nd Duke of Lennox, he was already Earl of March and Lord Clifton of Leighton Bromswold in the peerage of England (1619) as well as 7th Seigneur d'Aubigny. On 9 February 1608 he performed in the masque "The Hue and Cry After Cupid" at Whitehall Palace as a sign of the zodiac, to celebrate the wedding of John Ramsay, Viscount Haddington to Elizabeth Radclyffe . He married Katherine Clifton, 2nd Baroness Clifton, in 1609. They had eleven children: He died in 1624 and was interred, on 6 August 1624, in Westminster Abbey.

Sennedjem
The Ancient Egyptian artisan Sennedjem lived in Set Maat( translated as" The Place of Truth"), contemporary Deir el- Medina, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Thebes, during the reigns of Seti I and Ramesses II. Sennedjem had the title" Servant in the Place of Truth". He was buried along with his wife, Iyneferti, and family in a tomb in the village necropolis. His tomb was discovered January 31, 1886. When Sennedjem's tomb was found, in it there was regular furniture from his home, including a stool and a bed, which he actually used when he was alive. His titles included Servant in the Place of Truth, meaning that he worked on the excavation and decoration of the nearby royal tombs.

Lord John Stewart
Lord John Stewart( 23 October 1621 – 29 March 1644) was a Scottish aristocrat who served as a Royalist commander in the English Civil War. He was one of five sons of Esmé Stewart, 3rd Duke of Lennox and his wife Katherine Clifton, 2nd Baroness Clifton, and the brother of James Stewart, 1st Duke of Richmond. With his youngest brother, Lord Bernard Stewart, he embarked on a three- year tour of the continent in 1639, before returning to join the King ’s cause in the Civil War as a General. He was killed at the Battle of Cheriton near Alresford, Essex, on 29 March 1644. Only one of his brothers, Lodovic, survived the war to see the restoration of the monarchy in 1660.

William Rockhill Nelson
William Rockhill Nelson( March 7, 1841 – April 13, 1915) was a real estate developer and co-founder of The Kansas City Star in Kansas City, Missouri. He donated his estate( and home) for the establishment of the Nelson- Atkins Museum of Art. Place of burial: Mount Washington Cemetery, Independence Missouri.

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Carole Lynne
Helen Violet Carolyn Delfont, Baroness Delfont( née Heyman; 16 September 1918 – 17 January 2008), known professionally as Carole Lynne, was a British theatre actress, best known for her work in the 1940s and 1950s. She was the widow of the impresario Lord Bernard Delfont, a prominent figure in the British entertainment industry.

Bernard Stewart
Bernard Stewart or Stuart may refer to:

Lord Bernard Stewart
Lord Bernard Stewart (1623 – 26 September 1645) was a Scottish aristocrat who served as a Royalist commander in the English Civil War. He was the youngest of the five sons of Esmé Stewart, 3rd Duke of Lennox, and his wife Katherine Clifton, 2nd Baroness Clifton, and the brother of James Stewart, 1st Duke of Richmond. Lord Bernard was to be created Earl of Lichfield by King Charles I for his actions at the first and second battles of Newbury and Naseby but died of injuries received leading a sortie against besieging Parliamentary forces in the Battle of Rowton Heath in September 1645, before the patent could be implemented. The titles of Baron Newbury and Earl of Lichfield were instead created in December 1645 for his six-year-old nephew, Charles Stewart (1639–1672), the son of Bernard's elder brother George Stewart, 9th Seigneur d'Aubigny, who had been killed at the Battle of Edgehill in 1642. His brother John was also killed in the war.

Bernard Stewart, 4th Lord of Aubigny
Bernard Stewart, 4th Lord of Aubigny( French: Bérault Stuart)( c. 1452 – 15 June 1508) was a French soldier, commander of the" Garde Écossaise", and diplomat belonging to the Scottish family of Stewart of Darnley.