Our God Saves
Our God Saves is Paul Baloche's seventh studio album, released in 2007.

Milliyet
Milliyet( Turkish for nationality) is a major pro-government Turkish daily newspaper published in Istanbul, Turkey.

Japanese nationality law
Japanese nationality is a legal designation and set of rights granted to those people who have met the criteria for citizenship by parentage or by naturalization. Nationality is in the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice and is generally governed by the Nationality Law of 1950.

Paul Norman (director)
Paul Norman( born 1956) is an American former pornographic director who directed approximately 134 films from 1986 – 1999. His birth name is Paul Apstein.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Iraqi nationality law
Iraqi nationality is transmitted by one's parents.

Let It Come Down (novel)
Let It Come Down is Paul Bowles's second novel, first published in 1952.

Paul Richter
Paul Richter (1 April 1895 – 30 December 1961) was an Austrian film actor. He owed his great popularity in German films of the silent era largely to the directors Joe May and Fritz Lang. Richter made his film debut right before World War I in "Der Sterbewalzer" (1914), directed by Fritz Freund. With the outbreak of the war, his film activity ceased temporarily, and he joined the Austrian Kaiserjäger, serving as an infantryman in the Carpathian Mountains, from which he was later detached to a mountain guide course. His strong feeling for nature, acquired at that time, became a feature of his life, and later, of his movies. With Joe May's "The Indian Tomb" (1921) Richter became famous to a wide public for the first time, but it was only with the advent of "Dr. Mabuse the Gambler" (1922), and especially with "Die Nibelungen" (1924) – both directed by Fritz Lang – that he became a sex symbol for the 1920s: Germany’s answer to male stars of American films such as Ramon Novarro and Rudolph Valentino. During the turbulent shooting of "Die Nibelungen," Richter often had arguments with his director. This reached a climax when Richter refused to appear nude in a scene where the character of Siegfried bathes in the blood of a dragon he has slain. Lang deemed it important to emphasize Richter’s body, because the dragon blood is supposed to render Siegfried invulnerable everywhere but one spot on his upper back where a linden leaf happens to adhere to him. When Richter remained adamant, Lang asked fellow player Rudolf Klein-Rogge to double him in this key scene. Richter still objected, on the grounds that the audience would simply suppose Klein-Rogge’s bare backside was his own. Eventually, Lang did prevail, and the scene contains both a close shot of Richter’s back where the linden leaf lands and a long shot of the nude Klein-Rogge. The success of his Siegfried performance led to offers of other heroic parts for Richter in "Peter the Pirate" (1925) and "Dagfin" (1926). At the beginning of the 1930s he began to be hired more and more for films with regional backgrounds, such "The Forester's Daughter" (1931) and "Hubertus Castle" (1934), usually playing huntsmen, foresters or landowners, and often in adaptations of the novels of Ludwig Ganghofer. Thanks to Richter’s deep love of nature, and mountaineering experience, he was able to give such performances a reality that contrasted favorably to Rudolf Prack’s similar performances in the 1950s. At the end of the 1950s, a difficult eye operation ended Richter’s film career. He married the actress Aud Egede-Nissen and was stepfather to Georg Richter.

List of Victoria Cross recipients of uncertain nationality
The following is a list of Victoria Cross recipients whose nationality is uncertain.

Aud Egede-Nissen
Aud Egede-Nissen (30 May 1893 – 15 November 1974) was a Norwegian actress, director and producer. She appeared in many early 20th-century German silent films.