National Contest Journal
The National Contest Journal (also referred to by the acronym NCJ) is a bimonthly magazine published by the American Radio Relay League, with an independent volunteer editor. The magazine covers topics related to amateur radio contesting. The magazine is published in English and draws its subscription base primarily from the United States of America and Canada.

When I Was Young
When I Was Young may refer to:

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

When I was a Bachelor
" When I Was a Bachelor" is an English nursery rhyme.

Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

Jintian (journal)
Jintian is the title of a Chinese literary journal. Founded in 1978, it was the first non-official literary journal in the People's Republic of China since the 1950s. It ran for nine issues until it was censored in 1980. It was revived in 1990.

Ethnology (journal)
Ethnology was an anthropology journal founded in 1962 by George Peter Murdock, published by the University of Pittsburgh. It was specialized in ethnographic articles and cross-cultural studies. It was discontinued in 2012.

List of National Socialist publishers
This is an overview of publishers that mainly published National Socialist works until the end of the Second World War.

American Radio Relay League
The American Radio Relay League (ARRL) is the largest membership association of amateur radio enthusiasts in the USA. ARRL is a non-profit organization, and was co-founded on April 6, 1914 by Hiram Percy Maxim and Clarence D. Tuska of Hartford, Connecticut. The ARRL represents the interests of amateur radio operators before federal regulatory bodies, provides technical advice and assistance to amateur radio enthusiasts, supports a number of educational programs and sponsors emergency communications service throughout the country. The ARRL has approximately 154,000 members. In addition to members in the US, the organization claims over 7,000 members in other countries. The ARRL publishes many books and a monthly membership journal called "QST". The ARRL held its Centennial Convention in Hartford, Connecticut in July 2014. The ARRL is the primary representative organization of amateur radio operators to the US government. It performs this function by lobbying the US Congress and the Federal Communications Commission. The ARRL is also the international secretariat of the International Amateur Radio Union, which performs a similar role internationally, advocating for amateur radio interests before the International Telecommunications Union and the World Administrative Radio Conferences. The organization is governed by a member-elected, volunteer Board of Directors. Each director serves a three-year term and represents the members within their particular region of the country. The national headquarters facilities are located in Newington, Connecticut. Along with the administrative headquarters, the site is home to amateur radio station W1AW. The ARRL Field Organization carries out local and regional activities across the United States.