Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Sidharth Bharathan
Sidharth Bharathan (born 26 May 1983) is an Indian film actor, director and screenwriter, who works in Malayalam cinema. The son of director Bharathan and actress K. P. A. C. Lalitha, he began his film career through the Malayalam film "Nammal" (2002) as an actor. He made his directorial debut and played the lead role in "Nidra" (2012), it was a remake of the 1981 Malayalam film of the same name directed by his father. Sidharth has also worked as a scenarist for the film "Isha", a segment in the anthology film "5 Sundarikal".

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi
Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi is the third wife of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the founder and inaugural president of United Arab Emirates, and late emir( ruler) of Abu Dhabi. She is referred to as the mother of sheikhs and as the Mother of the UAE.

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

Trinidad Tecson
Trinidad Perez Tecson (November 18, 1848 – January 28, 1928), known as the "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" and "Mother of Mercy", fought to gain Philippines independence. She was given the title "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" by Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo. She was also cited as the "Mother of the Philippine National Red Cross" for her service to her fellow Katipuneros.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Susan B. Nelson
Susan B. Nelson( April 13, 1927 – May 4, 2003) was an American environmental activist who is best known as the mother of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area.

Varnyathil Aashanka
Varnyathil Aashanka ("Confusion in Description") is a 2017 Indian Malayalam-language comedy film directed by Sidharth Bharathan, written by Thrissur Gopalji and produced by Ashiq Usman. It stars Kunchacko Boban, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Shine Tom Chacko, Chemban Vinod Jose, Manikandan R. Achari, and Rachana Narayanankutty. The film was released on 4 August 2017 across Kerala and the film received positive reviews from audience.

Kekuʻiapoiwa II
Kekuʻiapoiwa II was a Hawaiian chiefess and the mother of the king Kamehameha I.