SCR (restaurant): SCR Corporation Sdn Bhd (doing business as SCR) is a Malaysian halal-certified chicken rice fast-food restaurant in Sarawak. The chain is operated by SCR Corporation Sdn Bhd which was established in 1987. Since its birth, SCR Corporation Sdn Bhd has grown to become one of East Malaysia's biggest home grown food names with international outlets in Brunei and Indonesia.

Silterra Malaysia: Silterra Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. is a Malaysian semiconductor manufacturer founded in November 1995. Silterra Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. was formerly known as Wafer Technology( Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. and changed its name to Silterra Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. in December 1999. The company was founded in 1995 and is based in Kulim, Malaysia, with sales and marketing offices in San Jose, California; and Hsinchu, Taiwan. Silterra is started as a project of strategic national interest to promote front- end semiconductor manufacturing and a catalyst for high technology investments in Malaysia. Since its inception, Silterra has served many top- tier global fabless design and product companies covering the consumer electronics, communications& computing, and mobile device market segments. The company was owned by Khazanah Nasional. Najib says government open to selling Silterra Malaysia at Kedah stake to foreign investors.

Infopro Sdn Bhd: INFOPRO Sdn Bhd ('Infopro') is an certified and a CMMi Level 5 appraised Malaysian based software house that specialises in core banking that provides front and back end banking solutions known as eICBA system. The eICBA system consists of core banking system known as ICBA (Integrated Computerised Banking System) and systems for Business Intelligence, ATM, e-Switch, Internet Banking and Telebanking. The core banking system also handles Islamic banking Infopro won the Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI)'s Export Excellence Award (Services) in 2010. Inntron, an information technology consultancy in the Banking and Finance sector globally ranked Infopro to be top 2 vendors in Malaysia and within the top 40 of core banking vendors in world

U Mobile: U Mobile Sdn Bhd (223969-U) is a Malaysian mobile telecommunications service provider and was founded in 1998 as MiTV Networks Sdn Bhd. U Mobile is a wholly owned subsidiary of U Television Sdn Bhd, which was formerly known as U Telecom Media Holdings Sdn Bhd and MiTV Corporation Sdn Bhd. The company utilises the 018 and 011 prefix allocated to the organisation by the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC), although with the implementation of mobile number portability mandated by the Malaysian government this does not apply to subscribers who switched from their old mobile service provider over to U Mobile.

SME Ordnance: The SME Ordnance Sdn Bhd company (SMEO), formerly known as Syarikat Malaysia Explosive Sdn Bhd, is a Malaysian defence company that specialises in the manufacturing and marketing of ordnance. The company is located in Batu Arang, Selangor. SMEO is a subsidiary company of National Aerospace and Defence Industries Sdn Bhd.

DRB-HICOM: DRB-HICOM Berhad  is one of Malaysia's leading corporations, involved in the automotive manufacturing, assembly and distribution industry through its involvement in the passenger car and four wheel drive vehicle market segment, the national truck project and the national motorcycle project. DRB-HICOM assembles cars in Malaysia for Tata Motors, Honda, Isuzu, Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagen, with plans for expansion. The Group also retails various brands such Audi (via Euromobil Sdn Bhd), Mitsubishi (via EON Auto Mart Sdn Bhd) and Volkswagen (via HICOM Auto Sdn Bhd).

VakıfBank: VakıfBank is the fifth (5th) largest bank in Turkey with its $46 billion in assets as of December 31, 2009. The company offers some of the largest services in Turkey, and operates 610 branches domestically. VakifBank has two international offices located in New York and Bahrain and it also has participation in Austria named "VakifBank International AG" which has branches in Vienna, Cologne and Frankfurt. VakıfBank was founded on April 13, 1954 under the special law "Türkiye Vakıflar Bankası Türk Anonim Ortaklığı Kanunu". VakıfBank’s initial purpose was the management of the cash revenues and expenditures of the charitable foundations set up during the Ottoman Empire period. VakıfBank was established in Ankara and quickly began conducting banking activities with branch offices in Istanbul, Ankara and İzmir.

Rapid Rail: Rapid Rail Sdn Bhd( styled as" rapidrail") was established to place all three rail operators for" Sistem Transit Aliran Ringan Sdn Bhd( STAR- LRT) Projek Usahasama Transit Ringan Automatik Sdn Bhd( PUTRA- LRT)" and" KL Starrail Sdn Bhd" – under one administrating umbrella in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Rapid Rail currently operates five rail lines. These are the LRT Ampang and Sri Petaling, LRT Kelana Jaya, KL Monorail and MRT Sungai Buloh- Kajang Lines. These rapid transit systems are known collectively as" Rapid KL". The five rail lines operate on standard gauge rail, while the KL Monorail operates on an ALWEG straddle beam. Train services operate from 6.00 a.m and typically end before midnight daily, with frequencies varying from approximately three minutes during peak hours to fourteen minutes during non-peak hours. The Ampang and Kelana Jaya lines were constructed and initially operated by different owners: Sistem Transit Aliran Ringan Sdn. Bhd.( STAR- LRT) for the Ampang Line starting in 1995, and Projek Usahasama Transit Ringan Automatik( PUTRA- LRT) for the Kelana Jaya Line starting in 1998. In 2004, operational aspects of the two LRT lines were transferred to Rapid Rail Sdn Bhd under the second phase of the restructuring process of Kuala Lumpur's public transportation network. The KL Monorail was initially owned and operated by KL Starrail Sdn Bhd, from 2003 until 2007, until the company declared bankruptcy. As a result, Prasarana purchased the monorail and gave operating rights to their subsidiary Rapid Rail Sdn Bhd.

Ramly Group: Ramly Food Processing Sdn. Bhd.( doing business as Ramly) is a Malaysian frozen and fast food company founded by Ramly bin Mokni through Pemasaran Ramly Mokni Sdn. Bhd.

MPH Group: MPH Group Malaysia Sdn Bhd is a Malaysian group of companies best known for its book retailing and online retailing services as well as being involved in the printing, publishing and distribution of books and library services in Malaysia and Singapore. Its bookstore chain, "MPH Bookstores Sdn Bhd", headquartered in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, is among the largest in Malaysia after Popular.