Grand Duchess Olga Pavlovna of Russia
Grand Duchess Olga Pavlovna of Russia  was a "Grand Duchess of Russia" as the second youngest daughter and seventh child of Emperor Paul I of Russia and his empress consort, Sophie Dorothea of Württemberg.

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

Grand Duchess Natalya Alexeyevna of Russia (1714–1728)
Grand Duchess Natalya Alexeyevna of Russia (21 July 1714 – 22 November 1728) was a Russian Grand Duchess. She was the elder sister of Emperor Peter II of Russia, a maternal first cousin of Empress Maria Theresa I, The Holy Roman Empress and Charles I, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and also a paternal first cousin of Emperor Peter III of Russia

Natalya Alexeyevna of Russia
Tsarevna Natalya Alexeyevna of Russia( 22 August 167318 June 1716) was a Russian playwright. She was the elder daughter of Tsar Alexis and his second wife, Natalia Naryshkina, and the sister of Peter the Great.

Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich of Russia
Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich of Russia( 15 August 1901 – 7 July 1980) was the fourth son and fifth child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia. He was a nephew of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia.

Anna Ivanovna Kramer
Anna Ivanovna Kramer( 1694- 1770), was a Russian court official. She was the daughter of a merchant in Narva, and was sent to Siberia as a prisoner of war after the Siege of Narva( 1704) during the Great Northern War. She was introduced to the Imperial Russian court by Apraksin, and became favored by Peter the Great and Catherine I of Russia, who appointed her lady- in- waiting and chief of the household of Grand Duchess Natalya Alexeyevna of Russia( 1714 – 1728). In 1716, she accompanied them on their European journey. The emperor gave her the task to arrange the burial of the murdered Tsarevich Alexei. She returned to Narva after the death of Tsarevna Natalia Alexeyevna. She was granted the monopoly of selling timber from the forests around Narva, and became a successful merchant who exported 27 000 timbers annually.

Anatoly Ionov (Romanov claimant)
Anatoly Ionov( born 1936) is a Russian man who claims to be the son of Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia.

Peter II of Russia
Peter II Alexeyevich (Russian: Пётр II Алексеевич, "Pyotr II Alekseyevich")  reigned as Emperor of Russia from 1727 until his untimely death. He was the only son of Tsarevich Alexei Petrovich (son of Peter the Great by his first wife, Eudoxia Lopukhina) and of Charlotte Christine of Brunswick-Lüneburg.

Alexander Alexandrovich Menshikov
Prince Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Menshikov( 1 March 1714 – 27 November 1764) was a son of Prince Menshikov who, at one stage, was betrothed to Grand Duchess Natalya Alexeyevna, a granddaughter of Peter the Great. He later served as an officer in the Russian army.

Abdul-Vahed Niyazov
' of Russia.