Agnieszka Holland
Agnieszka Holland( born 28 November 1948) is a Polish film and television director and screenwriter. Best known for her political contributions to Polish cinema, Holland is one of Poland's most eminent filmmakers. She began her career as assistant to directors Krzysztof Zanussi and Andrzej Wajda, and emigrated to France shortly before the 1981 imposition of the martial law in Poland. Holland is best known for her films" Europa Europa"( 1991) and her 2011 drama" In Darkness", which was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards. In 2017 she received Alfred Bauer Prize( Silver Bear) for her film" Spoor" at the Berlin International Film Festival.

Dan Milne
Dan Milne is a British actor/ director who is possibly best known for his role in" EastEnders".

John Baxter (director)
John Philip Baxter( 31 December 1896 – 21 January 1975) was a prolific British filmmaker active from the 1930s to the late 1950s. During that time he produced, wrote, or directed dozens of films. He directed Deborah Kerr in her first leading role in" Love on the Dole"( 1941), and was the producer- director for the musical- comedy films of Flanagan and Allen during World War II.

Ben Palmer
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is known for being the director of" Bo' Selecta" and" The Inbetweeners".

Elliot Silverstein
Elliot Silverstein( born August 3, 1927, in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American director, who is best known for being the director of the movie" Cat Ballou"( 1965).

Talking Feet
Talking Feet is a 1937 British musical film directed by John Baxter and starring Hazel Ascot, Enid Stamp- Taylor and Jack Barty. It was made at Shepperton Studios. The film's sets were designed by John Bryan. " The Monthly Film Bulletin" said of it," the story is sentimental but human, and the atmosphere is genuine."

Rufus Norris
Rufus Norris( born 16 January 1965) is a British theatre and film director, who is currently the Artistic Director of the National Theatre.

Logan Sandler
Logan Sandler is an American writer and director who is best known for his first feature film" Live Cargo".

The Third Miracle
The Third Miracle is a 1999 drama film directed by Agnieszka Holland and starring Ed Harris and Anne Heche. The film was shot in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.

Scotty Fox
Scott Fox is a pornographic film director who is a member of the AVN Hall of Fame.