PELbO
PELbO( initiated 2006 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian electronica/ jazz trio.

Soriba Kouyaté
Soriba Kouyaté( 1963–2010) was a Senegalese kora player. He was born in Dakar, the son of kora player Mamadou Kouyaté. He played with musicians like Youssou N' Dour, Salif Keita, Peter Gabriel, Dizzy Gillespie, Harry Belafonte, Diana Ross, Ray Lema and the Kora Jazz Trio. Kouyaté died 46 years old after a heart attack.

Huntsville (Norwegian band)
Huntsville( established 2006 in Oslo, Norway) is an experimental jazz trio.

Djeli Moussa Diawara
Djeli Moussa Diawara, born 1962 in Kankan, Guinea is a Kora player (Korafola), composer and singer.

Belgrade Jazz Trio
The Belgrade Jazz Trio was a jazz trio founded in Belgrade, Serbia, then Yugoslavia. Its members were Milenko Stefanović- clarinet, Vojislav Đonović- guitar and Aleksandar Nećak- bass.

Andrew Jones (fl. 1386)
Andrew Jones was the member of Parliament for Cricklade in 1386.

Kora Jazz Trio
Kora Jazz Trio was a three piece African musical group, founded in 2002 by Djeli Moussa Diawara, Guinean Korafola, with Abdoulaye Diabate and Moussa Sissokho, best known for producing a music that is a mix of American jazz with traditional African music. Described as "the encounter between mandinga musical tradition and the freedom of jazz, between West African percussion and Afro-American swing", they have been recognized for their focus on sharing their cultural heritage, without doing so for the sake of mainstream success or in an effort to create a movement. After three albums, Djeli Moussa Diawara left the band to focus on personal projects and was replaced by Soriba Kouyaté. The Kora Jazz Trio was replaced by the Kora Jazz Band in 2010, and the release of the album "Kora Jazz Band & Guests".<br > In 2018 a new album was released, "Part IV", with Chérif Soumano replacing Kouyaté on kora, plus guests Manuel Marchès (double bass), Adama Conde (balafon), Boris Caicedo (percussion), Woz Kaly (vocals) and Hervé Morisot (guitar).

Chris Wood (jazz musician)
Christopher Barry Wood is an American bassist with the jazz trio Medeski Martin & Wood.

Antonino Trio
Antonino Trio( born 4 June 1993) is an Italian long jumper, that in addition to having won an absolute Italian title at a senior level, he finished twice in the top 60 in the IAAF world leading list, in 2018 at 37th place with 7.88 m and in 2019 at 35th with 7.87 m.

Maria Vittoria Trio
Maria Vittoria Trio (born 18 December 1947 in Turin) is a retired Italian long jumper