Alice K. Bache
Alice K. Bache( 1903- 1977) was a philanthropist and art collector of mostly ancient art including Cycladic, Pre- Columbian, Mexican, Asian and Peruvian works of art. She amassed one of the finest and most extensive private collections of pre-Columbian artifacts, which she began gifting to the Metropolitan Museum of art in 1967.

Lady Yang (Ma Xisheng's wife)
Lady Yang( 楊夫人, personal name unknown)( disappeared 950) was the wife of Ma Xisheng, the second ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms state Chu.

Mandagere Subbarao Krishnamurthy
Mandagere Subbarao Krishnamurthy( born 16 June 1931), known by the pen name Indiresh or Ma Su Krishnamurthy, is a Kannada writer and Hindi writer. He was conferred the Tamra Patra award by former President of India, Shankar Dayal Sharma in recognition of his literary work in Hindi.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Jane Stork
Jane Stork, or Ma Shanti B, is a former follower of Rajneesh. She wrote( 2009) about her experience, and is featured in" Wild Wild Country", a Netflix documentary series about the controversial Indian guru. Jane Stork had a husband and two children.

Gao Yu
Gao Yu( 高郁)( died 929) was a chief strategist for the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms state Chu. He was said to be instrumental in the consolidation of power that allowed Chu's first ruler, Ma Yin, to found the Chu state, but was later, in Ma Yin's old age, hated by Ma Yin's son( and eventual successor) Ma Xisheng, who ordered him executed in 929 without prior approval from Ma Yin.

Consort Yuan (Ma Yin)
Consort Yuan, regal consort title" Defei"( 袁德妃, personal name unknown) was the favorite concubine of Ma Yin, the founding ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Chu. One of her sons, Ma Xisheng, later succeeded Ma Yin.

Ma Yueliang
Ma Yueliang or Ma Yueh- liang( 1 August 1901 – 13 March 1998) was a famous Manchu teacher of taijiquan. He was the senior disciple of Wu Chien- ch'uan, the founder of Wu-style taijiquan, and married Wu's daughter Wu Ying- hua in 1930.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Ma Xisheng
Ma Xisheng( 馬希聲)( 899 – August 15, 932), courtesy name Ruona( 若訥), formally the Prince of Hengyang( 衡陽王), was the second ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Chu, ruling briefly from his father's death in 930 to his own death in 932.