Shadikhan
Shadi Khan is a village in Chach Valley of Attock District in Punjab Province of Pakistan.

1992 Copa Libertadores
The 1992 Copa Libertadores was the 33rd edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Language Management
Language management is a discipline that consists of satisfying the needs of people who speak multiple different languages. These may be in the same country, in companies, and in cultural or international institutions where one must use multiple languages.

2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

Shahar River
The Shahar River, also known as" Shahar Chay"( City River) or Barde Sur( Azerbaijani: Shahar -cay) is a river in the Zagros Mountains of northwestern Iran. The river rises in the Zagros Mountains region along the Iran- Turkey bourder. It flows in an easterly direction through the city of Urmia and empties into lake Urmia on its western shore, near Keshtiban. The river is impounded by Shaharchay Dam, located near Silvaneh and Rajan, Iran.

1971 Copa Libertadores
The Copa Libertadores 1971 was the 12th edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. Nacional won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

1993 Copa Libertadores
The Copa Libertadores 1993 was the 34th edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Karimabad, Silvaneh
Karimabad( also Romanized as Karīmābād) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 10 families.