Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School
Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School( commonly abbreviated as Triampat, is a high school located in Bangkok, Thailand. It admits lower- secondary and upper-secondary students(" mathayom" 1 – 6, equivalent to grades 7–12). Founded in 1978 as a campus school of Triam Udom Suksa School, Bangkok, Thailand which is preparatory school for Chulalongkorn University. Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School has among the top 3 highest university entry rates for Thai high- schools, and its students consistently score among the top in national standardized tests.

Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School
Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School( commonly abbreviated as Triampat, is a high school located in Bangkok, Thailand. It admits lower- secondary and upper-secondary students(" mathayom" 1 – 6, equivalent to grades 7–12). Founded in 1978 as a campus school of Triam Udom Suksa School, Bangkok, Thailand which is preparatory school for Chulalongkorn University. Triam Udom Suksa Pattanakarn School has among the top 3 highest university entry rates for Thai high- schools, and its students consistently score among the top in national standardized tests.

Assumption Suksa School
Assumption Suksa School( AS) is the first school affiliated with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bangkok. It is a private school for girls located in Bangkok, Thailand. Assumption Suksa School was founded by Pastor Leo Perudong. This school provides general education for students from kindergarten 1 to grade 12 including kindergarten, primary school, secondary school, and high school education.

Carlisle School District
Carlisle School District may refer to:

Assumption Suksa School
Assumption Suksa School( AS) is the first school affiliated with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bangkok. It is a private school for girls located in Bangkok, Thailand. Assumption Suksa School was founded by Pastor Leo Perudong. This school provides general education for students from kindergarten 1 to grade 12 including kindergarten, primary school, secondary school, and high school education.

Srithammarat Suksa School
Srithammarat Suksa School is a private Christian school in Nakhon Si Thammarat, southern Thailand.

Patumwan Demonstration School, Srinakharinwirot University
Patumwan Demonstration School, commonly known as Satit Patumwan, is a 13- 18 public school in Pathum Wan District, Bangkok, Thailand. It was founded in 1953 by Pin Malakul as Secondary educators ’ training department, Demonstration Unit, Triam Udom Suksa School, making it the oldest demonstration school in Thailand. Patumwan Demonstration School's campus is adjacent to Chulalongkorn University and Triam Udom Suksa School on Henri Dunant Road, Pathum Wan District in the heart of the city's commercial district.

AME School
The Association of Modern Education School( or AME School) was opened in early 1972 and ran as an independent community based school in Canberra until late 1996.

Carlisle School
Carlisle School is a private, college preparatory, Independent School located in Martinsville, Virginia, United States, that teaches Preschool 3 through Grade 12. It serves nearly 400 students. It was established in 1968. The Head of School is Gracie Agnew.

Triam Udom Suksa School
Triam Udom Suksa School(" lit.university-preparatory school") is a state school located in central Bangkok, Thailand. It admits upper-secondary students(" mathayom" 4 – 6, equivalent to grades 10 – 12) and has the largest yearly enrollment in the country. Founded in 1938 as a preparatory school for Chulalongkorn University, the school has long been regarded as the best secondary school in Thailand, and attracts students from all over the country in its highly competitive entrance examinations. Triam Udom Suksa has among the highest university entry rates for Thai schools, and its students consistently score among the top in national standardised tests.