Guaraní International Airport
Guarani International Airport is an international airport located in Minga Guazú, a city of Gran Ciudad del Este in the Alto Paraná Department of Paraguay. It is Paraguay's second international airport.

Aden International Airport
Aden International Airport is an international airport in Aden, Yemen.

Vnukovo International Airport
Vnukovo International Airport, formally" Vnukovo Andrei Tupolev International Airport",, is a dual- runway international airport located southwest of the centre of Moscow, Russia. It is one of the four major airports that serve Moscow, along with Moscow Domodedovo Airport, Sheremetyevo International Airport, and Zhukovsky International Airport. In 2015, the airport handled 15.82 million passengers, representing an increase of 24% compared to the previous year. It is the third- busiest airport in Russia.

Sharm El Sheikh International Airport
Sharm El Sheikh International Airport(" Maṭār Sharm El Sheikh El Dawli") is an international airport located in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt. It is the third- busiest airport in Egypt after Cairo International Airport and Hurghada International Airport.

Mashhad International Airport
Shahid Hasheminejad International Airport is an international airport located in Mashhad, Razavi Khorasan, Iran.

Ciudad Juárez International Airport
Abraham González International Airport is an international airport located in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico, near the Mexico – United States border opposite El Paso, Texas. It accommodates national and international air traffic of the city of Ciudad Juárez. It is named after Governor Abraham González of the State of Chihuahua. In 2013, Volaris initiated over 25 weekly flights departing Ciudad Juárez. In 2017, Abraham González International Airport handled 1,173,135 passengers, and in 2018 it handled 1,364,028.

Elista Airport
Elista International Airport is an international airport located near the city of Elista in the Republic of Kalmykia of Russia.

Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla Guadalajara International Airport
Guadalajara International Airport, officially known as Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla Guadalajara International Airport, is the main airport of Mexico's second- largest city Guadalajara. Opened in 1966, it is located 16 km south of the city center. In 2017 it handled 12,808,000 passengers, and 14,351,800 in 2018, an increase of 12.05%. It is Latin America's eleventh and Mexico's third- busiest airport, after Mexico City International Airport and Cancún International Airport and second- busiest for cargo flights. Guadalajara's International Airport consists of two runways and one terminal. It is also a major airport for connections, being a hub for Volaris, for which it is a primary gateway to the United States, and as well Aeroméxico. It is also a focus city for Interjet, and VivaAerobus. Flights are offered to destinations within Mexico and to Central America and the United States. The airport is named for Miguel Hidalgo, who began the war that brought Mexican independence from Spain. He has been called the" father of Mexican independence".

Cat Bi International Airport
Cat Bi International Airport( a.k.a.) is an international airport located in Hai Phong, Vietnam.

Cancún International Airport
Cancún International Airport is located in Cancún, Quintana Roo, on the Caribbean coast of Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula. It is Latin America's fourth and Mexico's second busiest airport, after Mexico City International Airport. In 2018, Cancún airport handled 25,202,016 passengers, a 6.8% increase compared to 2017. It has two parallel operative runways that can be used simultaneously. The airport was officially opened in 1974. The airport is operated by Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste( ASUR). It is a hub for MAYAir and focus city for Interjet, VivaAerobus, and Volaris; and currently offers flights to over 20 destinations in Mexico and to over 30 countries in North, Central, South America and Europe.