Matt Corboy
Matt Corboy( born June 4, 1973) is an American actor. He has appeared in both films and television series.

Amelia Campbell
Amelia Campbell( born August 4, 1965) is a Canadian- born, American- raised actress. She was born in Montreal, Quebec, but grew up in Ithaca, New York. A stage and film actress, she has appeared in such films as" The PaperMy Louisiana SkySingle White Female", and" Lorenzo's Oil".

Barbet Schroeder
Barbet Schroeder( born 26 August 1941) is a Swiss film director and producer who started his career in French cinema in the 1960s, working together with directors such as Jean- Luc Godard and Jacques Rivette. Since the late 1980s, he has directed many big budget Hollywood films, often mixing melodrama with the thriller genre in films like" Single White Female, Kiss of Death", and" Murder by Numbers". He has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, and for the Palme d' Or for his 1987 film" Barfly".

I Want Your Love (film)
I Want Your Love is the title of both a 2010 short film and a 2012 feature- length film. Both films were directed and written by Travis Mathews. The drama films both revolve around the friends and ex-lovers of Jesse Metzger, a gay man in his mid-thirties who is forced to move back to his hometown from San Francisco due to financial reasons. The actors' own names, along with much of their real- life stories, were used for their characters in both films, which features graphic sexual scenes. The production of both films was aided by the gay pornographic studio NakedSword. This led to the full- length film being refused exemption from classification, which would have allowed it to screen at the Melbourne Queer Film Festival, a decision to which actor James Franco( who invited Mathews to collaborate on Franco's film" Interior. Leather Bar.") reacted negatively.

Claude Sautet
Claude Sautet( 23 February 1924 – 22 July 2000) was a French film director and screenwriter.

Single White Female 2: The Psycho
Single White Female 2: The Psycho is a 2005 American direct- to- video psychological thriller film and a sequel to the 1992 film" Single White Female". Directed by Keith Samples, it stars Kristen Miller, Allison Lange and Brooke Burns.

John Lutz (mystery writer)
John Lutz (born September 11, 1939 in Dallas) is an American writer who mainly writes mystery novels. He has received an Edgar Award and the Shamus Award twice, and his novel "Single White Female" was the basis for the 1992 film starring Bridget Fonda. John Lutz also writes stories for jigsaw puzzles.

The Roommate
The Roommate is a 2011 American psychological thriller directed by Christian E. Christiansen and written by Sonny Mallhi. The film stars Leighton Meester, Minka Kelly, Cam Gigandet, Danneel Harris, Matt Lanter, and Aly Michalka. It was theatrically released on February 4, 2011. The film is inspired by the 1992 film" Single White Female".

A Heart in Winter
A Heart in Winter is a French film which was released in 1992. It stars Emmanuelle Béart, Daniel Auteuil and André Dussollier. It was chosen to compete at the 49th Venice International Film Festival, where it won four awards, including tying for the Silver Lion. It was nominated for Best Foreign Film at the 1994 BAFTA awards. The romantic drama was the second- to- last film made by French writer/ director Claude Sautet. He would work with Béart again on his final feature, 1995's" Nelly and Mr. Arnaud"( original title" Nelly et Monsieur Arnaud").

Single White Female
Single White Female is a 1992 American psychological erotic thriller film based on John Lutz's novel" SWF Seeks Same". It stars Bridget Fonda and Jennifer Jason Leigh and was directed by Barbet Schroeder.