Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Bruno Mars
Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known professionally as Bruno Mars, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, and dancer. He is known for his stage performances, retro showmanship, and for performing in a wide range of musical styles, including Pop, R&B, funk, soul, reggae, hip hop, and rock. Mars is accompanied by his band, The Hooligans, who play a variety of instruments, such as electric guitar, bass, piano, keyboards, drums, and horns, and also serve as backup singers and dancers. Born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, Mars moved to Los Angeles in 2003 to pursue a musical career. After being dropped by Motown Records, Mars signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 2009. In the same year, he co-founded the production team The Smeezingtons, responsible for various successful singles for Mars himself and other artists. Mars rose to fame in 2010 with the release of the successful singles "Nothin' on You" by B.o.B and "Billionaire" by Travie McCoy, both of which featured his vocals on the hooks. His debut studio album "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010) spawned the international number-one singles "Just the Way You AreGrenade", and "The Lazy Song". The former won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. Mars' second album, "Unorthodox Jukebox" (2012), became his first number one album on the US "Billboard" 200 and won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. Its singles "Locked Out of Heaven" and "When I Was Your Man", reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. In 2014, Mars collaborated with Mark Ronson on "Uptown Funk", which topped many music charts worldwide and won Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 2016 Grammy Awards. In 2016, Mars co-founded the production team Shampoo Press & Curl, who replaced The Smeezingtons on the composition of his third studio album, the R&B-focused, "24K Magic". The record received seven Grammy Awards, winning the major categories of Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year. The album also yielded the successful singles "24 K MagicThat's What I Like", and "Finesse". Mars has sold over 200 million singles and 26 million albums worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. He has released seven number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100 since his career launched in 2010, attaining his first five faster than any male artist since Elvis Presley. As a songwriter, he was included in "Music Week" and "Billboard" magazine as one of the best songwriters of 2011 and 2013, respectively. Mars has received several awards and nominations, including 11 Grammy Awards, three Brit Awards, nine American Music Awards, 10 Soul Train Awards and holds three "Guinness World Records". He has appeared in "Time" magazine's list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2011 and "Forbes" magazine's lists of '30 under 30' in 2013, the world's most powerful celebrities in 2014, and Celebrity 100 in 2018 and 2019.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Marry You
"Marry You" is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars from his debut studio album, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010). Written and produced by The Smeezingtons, it serves as the record's sixth track and was released as a single outside of the United States. "Marry You" is a pop song featuring strong influences of doo-wop and soul music. The recording focuses on spontaneous marriage and therefore, since its release, has frequently been used as a proposal song. "Marry You" received generally positive reviews from music critics, with some complimenting its production and its reminiscence of 1960s pop style. Some criticized a perceived lack of creativity. Despite not being released as a single in the US, the song charted at number 85 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and has been certified three times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It charted on most international markets within the top fifteen, reaching number 10 on the Canadian Hot 100, number eight in Australia, the top five in New Zealand, and number 11 in the United Kingdom. The single was certified three-times platinum by Music Canada (MC) and two-times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). Mars performed "Marry You" on The Doo-Wops & Hooligans Tour (2010–12), the Moonshine Jungle Tour (2013–14) and the 24K Magic World Tour (2017–18). The song has been covered a number of times, most notably by the cast of Glee; their cover outperformed the original song by reaching number 32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Dáithí Sproule
Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music. His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Leo Li
Leo Li( born 27 July 1993) is a Chinese actress, singer- songwriter and television presenter. She is famous for her photo album with her alma mater-" Yali, I Will Marry You Today" in 2013.