Seal Island, Anguilla
Seal Island is a small island off the northwest coast of Anguilla. It is located some two kilometres to the east of the Prickly Pear Cays at 18° 16' N, 63° 9' W, and lies at the centre of the Seal island Reef System Marine Park. The area is popular with scuba divers. A reef lying between the island and Anguilla can make access more difficult.

Adolphus Island
Adolphus Island is an uninhabited island located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. It is situated in Cambridge Gulf approximately north of Wyndham and covers an area of about. The island has a maximum height of approximately. The island, the gulf and many other features surrounding the gulf were named by Philip Parker King who visited the area in 1819 aboard the survey cutter HMS" Mermaid" but left after spending eleven days charting the gulf, being unable to find supplies of freshwater in the mudflats, rivers and hills that surround the Cambridge Gulf. King named the island after the Duke of Cambridge at the time, Prince Adolphus. One of the earliest European burials in Western Australia occurred on Adolphus Island at Nicholls Point, ten years before the foundation of the Swan River Colony, during King's time in Cambridge Gulf. The following passages from King's journals start on 27 September 1819. I have this day to record the death of one of the crew, William Nicholls, who, for some time past, and particularly during the last three days, had been suffering from a dropsical complaint; his death was occasioned by suffocation, having very imprudently laid down with his head to leeward while we were under sail: this poor fellow had been for nearly three months on our sick list; he was a native of Norfolk Island, and, when in health, had been one of my most useful and attentive men. September 28. He was interred the next morning on shore; in memorial whereof the north- west point of the island was named after him. King later mentions the death on 30 September, after they had left Cambridge Gulf. ... we had only lost one man; and this from a complaint which even medical assistance might not, perhaps, have cured; and by an accident which could not have been prevented, for our people were at the moment so busily employed in working the vessel through a dangerous navigation that the unfortunate man's situation was not known until the vital spark was nearly extinct, and too far gone for any human means to save his life. The island is home to endangered flora such as" Brachychiton incanus" and a variety of birdlife such as rufous night heron, little eagle, brown falcon, whimbrel, tawny frogmouth, great bowerbird and rainbow bee-eater. The agile wallaby is commonly sighted on the island.

Runmarö
Runmarö is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago in Sweden.

Sula Island
Sula Island is an island located in the Albay province of the Philippines.

Seal Island (Investigator Strait)
Seal Island is an island located in Investigator Strait off the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in the Australian state of South Australia about south south- west of Stenhouse Bay. Since 1972, it has been part of the Althorpe Islands Conservation Park.

Seal Island (Nova Scotia)
Seal Island( also known as Great Seal Island) is an island on the outermost extreme of Southwestern Nova Scotia, Canada, in the Municipality of the District of Argyle in Yarmouth County. It is approximately long and wide and is surrounded on its east, south and west sides by dangerous shoals. It is surrounded by the Atlantic Ocean and is the biggest of a group of five islands which extend north for. It is the second southernmost point of land of Nova Scotia. The southern tip of nearby Cape Sable Island is farther south than the southern tip of land on Seal Island.

Wadmalaw Island
Wadmalaw Island is an island located in Charleston County, South Carolina, United States.

Ingmarsö
Ingmarsö is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago in Sweden.

Seal Island (Victoria)
Seal Island is a small granite island in the Seal Islands group approximately 15 km east of Wilsons Promontory, Victoria, Australia. It is part of the Wilsons Promontory Islands Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for breeding seabirds. The island was named by George Bass in January 1798, after the Australian fur seals found in the vicinity.

Fairbank Island (Michigan)
Fairbank Island is an island located in Chippewa County, Michigan, United States.