Church of the Holy Ghost
Church of the Holy Ghost or Holy Ghost Catholic Church may refer to:

Monika (1974 film)
Monika is a 1974 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Imperoli. It marked the film debut of the Italian sexy comedy icon Gloria Guida, who later worked again with Imperoli in" Blue Jeans".

The Cop (1970 film)
The Cop is a 1970 French- Italian crime film directed by Yves Boisset and starring Michel Bouquet.

The Cop in Blue Jeans
The Cop in Blue Jeans ( Italian:" Squadra antiscippo", lit." Anti- theft squad") is a 1976 Italian Poliziotteschi -comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci. The film was a major commercial success and generated a film series consisting of eleven entries starring Tomas Milian as Inspector Nico Giraldi.

Konjiki no Gash Bell!! Movie 2: Attack of the Mecha-Vulcan
Discotek Media released both movies on Blu-ray and DVD for the first time in North America on March 27, 2018.

His Name Was Holy Ghost
His Name Was Holy Ghost( also known as" They Call Him Holy Ghost" and" El halcón de Sierra Madre") is a 1972 Italian- Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Giuliano Carnimeo and starring Gianni Garko. It is the sequel of" They Call Me Hallelujah".

The Ghost and the Guest
The Ghost and the Guest is a 1943 American film directed by William Nigh.

The Cover Girl and the Cop
The Cover Girl and the Cop is a 1989 American film directed by Neal Israel and starring David Carradine.

Blue Jeans (Ladytron song)
" Blue Jeans" is the second single from the album" Light& Magic" by the music group Ladytron. A rockier version titled" Blue Jeans 2.0" featured on the mix compilation" Softcore Jukebox". The music video of" Blue Jeans" featured the band members and a drummer playing the song in a white room. The video was filmed in black and white with a blue tint added. The audio track is" Blue Jeans 2.0" instead of the original song.

Riley the Cop
Riley the Cop is a 1928 American comedy film directed by John Ford. It was a silent film with a synchronized music track.