Tatiana Schlossberg
Tatiana Celia Kennedy Schlossberg( born May 5, 1990) is an American journalist and author. She is the daughter of Caroline Kennedy, the former U.S. Ambassador to Japan, and a granddaughter of John F. Kennedy, the 35th U.S. president. A reporter for" The New York Times" covering climate change, she has also written for" The Atlantic". Her book is" Inconspicuous Consumption"( 2019).

Alex Kennedy (racing driver)
Alex Kennedy( born February 2, 1992) is an American professional stock car racing driver.

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

Douglas Kennedy (writer)
Douglas Kennedy( born January 1, 1955) is an American novelist.

Caroline Kennedy
Caroline Bouvier Kennedy (born November 27, 1957) is an American author, attorney, and diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Japan from 2013 to 2017. She is a prominent member of the Kennedy family and the only surviving child of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy. Kennedy was five days shy of her sixth birthday when her father was assassinated on November 22, 1963. The following year, Caroline, her mother, and brother John F. Kennedy Jr. settled on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, where she attended school. Kennedy graduated from Radcliffe College and worked at Manhattan's Metropolitan Museum of Art, where she met her future husband, exhibit designer Edwin Schlossberg. She went on to receive a J.D. degree from Columbia Law School. Most of Kennedy's professional life has spanned law and politics, as well as education reform and charitable work. She has also acted as a spokesperson for her family's legacy and co-authored two books with Ellen Aldermanon on civil liberties. Early in the primary race for the 2008 presidential election, Kennedy and her uncle Ted endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama; she later stumped for him in Florida, Indiana, and Ohio, served as co-chair of his Vice Presidential Search Committee, and addressed the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver. After Obama selected United States Senator Hillary Clinton to serve as Secretary of State, Kennedy expressed interest in being appointed to Clinton's vacant Senate seat from New York, but she later withdrew from consideration, citing "personal reasons. " Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand ultimately replaced Clinton as the junior New York Senator. In 2013, President Obama appointed Kennedy as the United States Ambassador to Japan.

Brad Kennedy
Brad Kennedy( born 18 June 1974) is an Australian professional golfer.

Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
Jacqueline Lee Kennedy Onassis ("née" Bouvier ; July 28, 1929 – May 19, 1994) was First Lady of the United States during the presidency of John F. Kennedy and was regarded then and afterward as an international icon of style and culture. Bouvier was born in 1929 in Southampton, New York, to Wall Street stockbroker John Vernou Bouvier III and his wife, Janet Lee Bouvier. In 1951, she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in French literature from George Washington University and went on to work for the "Washington Times-Herald" as an inquiring photographer. In 1952, Bouvier met then-Congressman John Kennedy at a dinner party in Washington. Kennedy was elected to the Senate that same year, and the couple married on September 12, 1953, in Newport, Rhode Island. They had four children, two of whom died in infancy. Following her husband's election to the presidency in 1960, Jacqueline was known for her highly publicized restoration of the White House and emphasis on arts and culture, as well as for her style, elegance, and grace. At age 31, she was the third youngest First Lady when her husband was inaugurated President. On November 22, 1963, Jacqueline was riding with her husband in a presidential motorcade in Dallas, Texas, when he was assassinated. Following his funeral, she and her children largely withdrew from public view. In 1968, she married Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis. Following Onassis's death in 1975, she had a career as a book editor in New York City. She died on May 19, 1994, of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, aged 64. During her lifetime, Jacqueline Kennedy was regarded as an international fashion icon. Her famous ensemble of a pink Chanel suit and matching pillbox hat that she wore in Dallas has become a symbol of her husband's assassination. Even after her death, she ranks as one of the most popular and recognizable First Ladies, and in 1999 she was listed as one of Gallup's Most-Admired Men and Women of the 20th century.

Cheryl Kennedy
Cheryl Kennedy( born 29 April 1947) is an English actress.

Gordon Kennedy (actor)
Gordon Kennedy( born 22 February 1958) is a Scottish actor.

Angus Kennedy (actor)
Angus Kennedy( born March 1, 1958) is a British actor in television and theatre.