Fatima al-Samarqandi: Fatima bint Muhammad ibn Ahmad al- Samarqandi was a twelfth century Muslim scholar and jurist.

Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan: Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan ; 6 May 1918 – 2 November 2004) was the ruler of Abu Dhabi for more than 30 years (6 August 1966 – 2 November 2004). He was the founding father and the principal driving force behind the formation of the United Arab Emirates, becoming the Union's first "Raʾīs" (President), a post which he held for a period of almost 33 years (1971 until his death in 2004). He is popularly referred to in the UAE as the Father of the Nation.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Fatima bint Mohammed Al Balooshi: Fatima bint Mohammed Al Balooshi is the Minister of Social Development and was the former acting Minister of Health of Bahrain.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Jaber II Al-Sabah: Jaber II Al- Mubarak Al- Sabah,,( 1860 – 5 February 1917) was the eighth ruler of Kuwait from the Al- Sabah line. He was the eldest son of Mubarak Al- Sabah and is the ancestor of the Al- Jaber branch of the Al- Sabah family. He ruled from 28 November 1915 to his death on 5 February 1917 and was succeeded by his brother, Salim Al- Mubarak Al- Sabah.

Noura Khalifa Al Suwaidi: Noura Khalifa Al Suwaidi( also known as Noora bint Khaleefa Salem Al Suwaidi) is an Emirati politician, former deputy minister and director- general of General Women ’s Union, whose chairperson is Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi. In 2016, she was awarded the 6th Arab Woman Award.

Mubarak Al-Bishi: Mubarak Al- Bishi( born 6 November 1991) is a Saudi football player. He currently plays as a midfielder.

Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi: Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi  is the third wife of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the founder and inaugural president of United Arab Emirates, and late emir (ruler) of Abu Dhabi. She is referred to as the mother of sheikhs and as the Mother of the UAE.

Salem Al Ketbi: Salem Al Ketbi is an Emirati political analyst, researcher and opinion writer. Al Ketbi has a Ph.D. in Public Law and Political Science from the Hassan II University in Casablanca for his thesis entitled" Political and religious propaganda and leadership through the social media in the Arab World Al- Diayah wa al- Qiyadah al- Siyasiah wa al- Diniyah Abra Shabakat al- Tawasul al- Ijtimai fi al- Mintaqah al- Arabiyah").