Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

Alan McKenzie
Alan McKenzie is a British comics writer and editor known for his work at" 2000 AD".

Sheena Shahabadi
Sheena Shahabadi( born 10 April 1986 in Mumbai) is an Indian film actress. Her first film role was starring in the film" Teree Sang"( 2009). She is the daughter of the, rajkumar shahbadi. And, actress, Sadhana Singh. She became interested in acting because of her mother's work. Shahabadi was formerly married to Vaibhav Gore.

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Gloria Macapagal Arroyo
Maria Gloria Macaraeg Macapagal-Arroyo (born April 5, 1947) is a Filipino academic and former politician who was the 14th President of the Philippines from 2001 until 2010. She recently held the position of the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, making her the first woman to hold the position from 2018 until 2019 before her retirement. Arroyo studied Economics at Georgetown University at Washington DC where she began a lasting friendly relationship with classmate and future U.S president Bill Clinton. Born as the daughter of President Diosdado Macapagal, Arroyo is a former professor of economics at Ateneo de Manila University where her eventual successor President Benigno Aquino III was one of her students. She entered government in 1987, serving as assistant secretary and undersecretary of the Department of Trade and Industry upon the invitation of President Corazon Aquino, Benigno's mother. After serving as a senator from 1992 to 1998, she was elected to the vice presidency under President Joseph Estrada, despite having run on an opposing ticket. After Estrada was accused of corruption, she resigned her cabinet position as Secretary of Social Welfare and Development and joined the growing opposition to the president, who faced impeachment. Estrada was soon forced out from office by the Second EDSA Revolution in 2001, and Arroyo was sworn into the presidency by Chief Justice Hilario Davide, Jr. on January 20. In 2003, the Oakwood mutiny occurred after signs of a martial law declaration were seen under her rule. She was elected to a full six-year presidential term in the controversial and fraudelent 2004 Philippine elections, and was sworn in on June 30, 2004. The election results was marred with cheating due to the Hello Garci scandal. Her administration was also embroiled in the 2007 NBN –ZTE deal corruption scandal. Arroyo's presidency in the first quarter of 2001 began with a net satisfaction rating of +24. By the first quarter of 2009, her net satisfaction rating was at −32, making her one of the most unpopular presidents in Philippine history. A 2010 leaked diplomatic cable from the United States stated that Arroyo's administration was 'corrupt', even worse than Ferdinand Marcos's, and that Arroyo's husband, Jose Miguel Arroyo, is 'one of the most corrupt'. Following her presidency, she was elected to the House of Representatives through her home district, which was her last bailiwick, making her the second Philippine president—after José P. Laurel—to pursue a lower office after their presidency. On November 18, 2011, Arroyo was arrested following the filing of criminal charges against her for electoral fraud. She was held at the Veterans Memorial Medical Center in Quezon City under charges of electoral sabotage but released on bail in July 2012. She was rearrested on charges of misuse of $8.8 million in state lottery funds in October 2012. She was given a hospital arrest allegedly due to "life-threatening health conditions" certified by her doctors. On July 19, 2016, she was acquitted by the Supreme Court by a vote of 11-4 under the administration of her ally, Rodrigo Duterte. Also, the Supreme Court declared the DOJ's hold departure order unconstitutional. Her lawyers afterwards stated that Arroyo no longer needed her medical paraphernalia, releasing her from the hospital. She has since been a member of the Philippine Academy of the Spanish Language after she announced her support to bring back Spanish as an official language of the Philippines during her 9-year presidency. In July 23, 2018, she was elected as the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines under the Duterte Administration controversially replacing Pantaleon Alvarez. She spearheaded various controversial bills, including a bill that sought to lower the age of criminal liability to 12 years old.

Mordechai Rotenberg
Mordechai Rotenberg( 1932) is an Israeli professor of social work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Joseph L. Armstrong
Joseph L. Armstrong was a professor at Duke University( at the time, called" Trinity College") best known for reforming Duke's curriculum in the late nineteenth century, changing it to a German research university model with the help of John Franklin Crowell. Armstrong did his undergraduate work at Johns Hopkins University and graduate work at the University of Leipzig.

Mikey Arroyo
Juan Miguel Macapagal Arroyo, known as Mikey Arroyo (born April 26, 1969) is the son of Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. He is a Filipino actor and former Representative of the party-list group Ang Galing Pinoy. He was the former congressman from second district of Pampanga from 2004 to 2010.