Dimitri Minakakis
Dimitri Minakakis( born June 16, 1977 in Morristown, New Jersey) is an American musician and graphic designer best known as the original singer of the band The Dillinger Escape Plan from 1997 to 2001. Minakakis is of Greek descent.

Liam Wilson
Liam Wilson has been the bass player for the band The Dillinger Escape Plan since the autumn of 2000 and is a former bass player of the bands Starkweather. Currently, he is a part of Azusa, a project formed with members of Extol and Sea+ Air, as well as John Frum, which features a John Zorn collaborator and ex-member of The Faceless.

Ben Weinman
Benjamin A. Weinman (born August 8, 1975) is an American musician, most notable for being the lead guitarist for the band the Dillinger Escape Plan. He was the founder and sole constant member through the band's career (1997–2017), and is currently playing rhythm guitar with the crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies and the progressive rock supergroup Giraffe Tongue Orchestra. Weinman was named one of SPIN Magazine's 100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time and one of the 20 Most Influential Metal Guitarists Of The Modern Era by VH1. Weinman was named one of "Guitar World" Magazine's 50 fastest guitar players of all time alongside guitar players such as Eddie Van Halen and Les Paul. He was named one of Guitar World's Top 25 Cult Guitarists in 2009, and one of the top modern Metal Guitar players by MetalSucks. Weinman has also been listed on About.com as an example of today's most important musicians under their definition of "guitarist" and was named one "Alternative Press" Magazine's "10 Favorite Guitar Slingers".

Mike Watts
Mike Watts is an American audio engineer, mixer, and producer who has worked with a variety of artists including The Dillinger Escape Plan, Glassjaw, As Cities Burn, Hopesfall, As Tall As Lions, The Dear Hunter, and Gates. Watts owns and operates out of VuDu Studios in Long Island, NY.

Chris Pennie
Chris Pennie( born May 31, 1977) is the former drummer for the progressive rock band Coheed and Cambria and former drummer and co-founder of mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan.

Jeff Tuttle
Jeff Tuttle is an American musician and filmmaker, best known as the former guitarist and backing vocalist of the mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan, for which he played from 2007 to 2012. He is noted for his energetic live performances.

The Black Queen (band)
The Black Queen is an American electronic supergroup, formed in Los Angeles, California, in 2015. It was founded by lead singer Greg Puciato( of The Dillinger Escape Plan), keyboardist and guitarist Joshua Eustis( of Telefon Tel Aviv and ex- Nine Inch Nails) and keyboardist and guitarist Steven Alexander( former tech for The Dillinger Escape Plan and Nine Inch Nails). The Black Queen self- released their debut album" Fever Daydream"( 2016), following the announcement of their sophomore album" Infinite Games"( 2018) came the formation of the label Federal Prisoner. Puciato elaborating in a blog post for Spotify that they would be" giving more than we would be gaining" by signing to an outside label, and that" everything I used to see as help, I suddenly saw as unnecessary at best, and a liability at worst."

Billy Rymer
Billy Rymer( born December 10, 1984) is an American musician, most notable for being the drummer for The Dillinger Escape Plan from 2009 until the band played its final shows in December 2017.

The End (Canadian band)
The End were a Canadian mathcore/ metalcore band based in Mississauga, Ontario. Their sound has been compared to that of The Dillinger Escape Plan and deathgrind group Discordance Axis, as well as Neurosis.

List of The Dillinger Escape Plan band members
The Dillinger Escape Plan is an American mathcore band from Morris Plains, New Jersey. Formed in 1997, the group originally featured vocalist Dimitri Minakakis, lead guitarist Ben Weinman, rhythm guitarist Derek Brantley, bassist Adam Doll and drummer Chris Pennie, although Brantley left after only two shows. The remaining four members recorded the band's self-titled debut EP in 1997, before John Fulton replaced Brantley for the subsequent tour and 1998's "Under the Running Board". Shortly after the second EP's release, Fulton left the band due to "creative differences", and in early 1999 Doll was forced to cease involvement due to a spinal injury suffered in a road traffic accident. As a result, Weinman performed all guitars and bass on the band's full-length debut album "Calculating Infinity", released in 1999. Following the release of "Calculating Infinity", Brian Benoit replaced Fulton and Jeff Wood took Doll's place; Wood left the band in 2000 due to the ongoing effects of a gunshot wound to the head sustained in 1992, and was replaced by Liam Wilson. In April 2001, it was announced that Minakakis had decided to leave The Dillinger Escape Plan to pursue "non-music related endeavors", with the band briefly placed on hiatus. The vocalist was replaced later in the year by Greg Puciato, who was chosen from "over one hundred" singers who auditioned by submitting a recording of "43% Burnt" to the band. In between the departure of Minakakis and the addition of Puciato, the band recorded the EP "Irony Is a Dead Scene" with Faith No More and Mr. Bungle vocalist Mike Patton, which was released in 2002. In 2004, the band released its first album with Puciato on vocals, "Miss Machine". Later in the year, Benoit suffered nerve damage in his left hand which affected his ability to play guitar; after attempting to continue, he was forced to leave the band in April 2005 and was replaced by James Love. During a tour in 2006, tensions arose between Weinman and Pennie, with the guitarist briefly leaving the band citing "undisclosed personal reasons". Pennie eventually left the band in 2007 to join Coheed and Cambria, with Gil Sharone replacing him for the band's third album "Ire Works". Also in 2007, guitarist Jeff Tuttle was added to the band due to Love's unavailability. By the beginning of 2009, Sharone had left the band and been replaced by Billy Rymer. " Option Paralysis" was released in 2010, which marked Tuttle's first contribution to the band (he performed additional vocals, with Weinman recording all guitars). The guitarist later left the band in August 2012 to attend film school. Love rejoined the band as Tuttle's replacement, although was not featured on the 2013 album " One of Us Is the Killer". After a brief hiatus, Love was replaced by Kevin Antreassian in 2015. The band released "Dissociation" in 2016, which was presented as the group's final album before embarking on an indefinite hiatus the following year. In the liner notes of "Dissociation" the band listed everyone who was a member or a part of the band in some other way or another. The list states " The Dillinger Escape Plan is: Billy Rymer, Greg Puciato, Liam Wilson, Benjamin Weinman, Kevin Antreassian, Dimitri Minakakis, Adam Doll, Brian Benoit, Chris Pennie, Tom Apostolopoulos, Jeff Wood, John Fulton, Jeff Tuttle, Mike Patton, Thomas Bouaziz, Kevin Hilliard, Gil Sharone, James Love, Jessica Curreri, Steve Evetts, Talmadge Cook, Ryan Downey, Jeff Geisser, Brian Montouri, Paul D'Elia, Chris Tropea, Asian Steve, Timothy Connors, Matt Rosenblum, Reid Ferris, Marc Schapiro, And all the other fearless soldiers who have graced the stage with us over the past 20 years."