2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Lyssomaninae
Lyssomaninae is a subfamily of jumping spiders. It includes two genera, both from the New World:

2000–01 UEFA Champions League second group stage
The second group stage of the 2000 – 01 UEFA Champions League was played from 21 November 2000 to 14 March 2001. Eight winners and eight runners up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group can not be drawn together. The top two teams from each group advanced to the quarter finals.

Rémy Pflimlin
Rémy Pflimlin( 17 February 1954 – 3 December 2016) was a French media executive. He served as the CEO of France 3 from 1999 to 2005, the Nouvelles Messageries de la Presse Parisienne( later known as Presstalis) from 2006 to 2010, and France Télévisions, France's public national television broadcaster, from 2010 to 2015.

Freestylers
The Freestylers are a British electronic music group, consisting of producers Matt Cantor and Aston Harvey. They have released five studio albums and a number of mix compilations for, among others, Fabric and BBC Radio.

Venery
Venery has two unrelated meanings, both from Latin:

The Nouvelles
The Nouvelles are a British indie music band signed to A1M Records, London. Under A1M Records they sold out Manchester venue Band on the Wall in late 2016 to conclude a series of indie venue sellouts across the UK They have been played multiple times on BBC Introducing and various other major stations. They were named one of the top BBC Introducing North bands in 2016, and won a place in leading BBC DJ Tom Robinsons Fresh Faves several times including his elite Fresh Faves list in 2017. They played In The City, sold out Manchester Academy, and had multiple major indie festival indie stage appearances such as the Tom Robinson stage at a sold out Wychwood Festival. Some members work alongside music as mediators and advisers in the Northern Ireland Peace Process. They have released several records via A1M Records, selling out of Piccadilly Records in 3 hours after taking a full page ad in the NME. Appraising the work of Guardian music journalists David Sue and Mal Wyatt, they were wary that their" Rising" tune featured prominently in the mainstream media, such as on the front cover of all regional Guardian Media Group publications. The band released a track for the Northern Ireland football team for the Euro 2016 Finals. They received commercial attention in Manchester. Videos were produced featuring the band for Football Lads and Lasses Against Fascism. as well as a special John McMichael memorial tribute The group completed production of their Best Of album' This Modern Sound: The Very Best of The Nouvelles' in Rochdale, England, in 2019, for release by Record Store Day April 2020.

Nouvelles Annales de Mathématiques
The Nouvelles Annales de Mathématiques( subtitled" Journal des candidats aux écoles polytechnique et normale") was a French scientific journal in mathematics. It was established in 1842 by Olry Terquem and Camille- Christophe Gerono, and continued publication until 1927, with later editors including Charles- Ange Laisant and Raoul Bricard. Initially published by Carilian- Goeury, it was taken over after several years by a different publisher, Bachelier. Although competing in subject matter with Joseph Liouville's" Journal de Mathématiques Pures et Appliquées"( with which Terquem had previously been associated), and initially published by a different publisher than Liouville's journal, the editors of the" Nouvelles Annales" cooperated with Liouville in directing papers between the two journals. As well as publishing new results in mathematics, the" Nouvelles Annales" included pedagogical material, and extracts from papers published in other journals.

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.