Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Mirko Krstičević
Mirko Krstičević is a Croatian musical composer. He is a regular member of the Croatian Composer Society and the Croatian Society of Film Workers. He was the founder and bassist of the band METAK. As a composer, musician and producer he cooperated with many rock and pop bands and singers. His compositions have been performed in about a dozen countries. Lives and works in Split.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Vladimir Vengerov
Vladimir Yakovlevich Vengerov (1920 – 1997) was a Soviet film director. He directed fourteen films between 1951 and 1985. People's Artist of the RSFSR (1978). His 1962 film "A Trip Without a Load" was entered into the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Silver Prize.

Workers' Settlement
Workers' Settlement  is a 1965 Soviet drama film directed by Vladimir Vengerov.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.