Polly of the Movies
Polly of the Movies is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Jason Robards, Gertrude Short and Corliss Palmer. It is loosely based on Harry Leon Wilson's 1922 novel" Merton of the Movies" and its various film adaptations.

The Muppets Go to the Movies
The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".

Revenge of a Crazy Girl
Revenge of a Crazy Girl is a 1951 Italian historical melodrama film written and directed by Pino Mercanti. It is loosely based on the novel" La vendetta di una pazza" written by Carolina Invernizio.

For a Few Dollars Less
For a Few Dollars Less is a 1966 Italian comedy film parody of" For a Few Dollars More" directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Lando Buzzanca. It was Mattoli's final film.

For a Few Extra Dollars
For a Few Extra Dollars( Italian: Per pochi dollari ancora), also known as Fort Yuma Gold and Die Now, Pay Later, is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giorgio Ferroni. The film stars Giuliano Gemma, Dan Vadis and Sophie Daumier. The film is set at Fort Yuma in Arizona.

La vendetta di Lady Morgan
La vendetta di Lady Morgan is a 1965 Italian horror film directed by Massimo Pupillo and written by Gianni Grimaldi.

Vendetta di zingara
Vendetta di zingara is a 1950 Italian film directed by Aldo Molinari.

The Revenge of Spartacus
The Revenge of Spartacus or La vendetta di Spartacus( US title:" Revenge of the Gladiators") is a 1965 Italian film directed by Michele Lupo. It was shot back to back with" Seven Slaves Against the World".

Revenge of Black Eagle
Revenge of Black Eagle (Italian: "La Vendetta di Aquila Nera", released in UK as "Revenge of the Black Eagle") is a 1951 Italian adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda. It is a sequel to Freda's 1946 film "Black Eagle".

Sangue di zingara
Sangue di zingara(" Gipsy's blood") is a 1956 Italian melodrama film co-written and directed by Maria Basaglia.