Bennett Airport: Bennett Airport is a privately owned public- use airport located in Salisbury, Maryland.

Ampanihy Airport: Ampanihy Airport is an airport located in Ampanihy, Madagascar.

Madang Airport: Madang Airport, is an airport located in Madang, Papua New Guinea.

Breakaway Airport: Breakaway Airport is an airport located in Cedar Park, Texas.

Takamatsu Airport: It is equipped with an Instrument Landing System, VHF Omni-directional Radio Range, Distance Measuring Equipment, Airport Surveillance Radar, approach lights, precision approach angle guidance lights, and more. On January 16, 2013, an All Nippon Airways Boeing 787( Flight NH692) made an emergency landing at Takamatsu after reporting a battery problem in flight. That aircraft was flying to Haneda Airport during that incident. Most flights that arrive and depart from Takamatsu Airport are ANA( All Nippon Airways) and Japan Airlines( JAL) planes. Both Airlines transport passengers mainly from Takamastu Airport to Tokyo International airport( Haneda Airport). However, other airlines such as Asiana Airlines transport passengers to airports like Incheon International Airport. Japan Airlines uses 737-800 aircraft, while ANA uses 787- 8, 767-300, and 777-200 aircraft on domestic routes. International carriers are seen using narrow- body aircraft on their routes.

Esquimalt Airport: Esquimalt Airport was an airport located in Esquimalt, British Columbia, Canada.

Antonio Maceo Airport: Antonio Maceo Airport is an international airport located in Santiago, Cuba.

Erzincan Airport: Erzincan Airport is an airport located in Erzincan, Turkey.

Ayapel Airport: Ayapel Airport is an airport located in Ayapel, Colombia.

Freehold Airport: Freehold Airport is a public use airport located one nautical mile( 2 km) northwest of the central business district of Freehold, in Greene County, New York, United States. It is privately owned by the Freehold Airport LLC and operated by the Nutmeg Soaring Association, Inc. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015, which categorized it as a" general aviation" facility.