Troy Andes
Troy Andes( born April 16, 1981, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 58 since January 12, 2013. Andes served consecutively from January 2007 until January 2013 in a District 14 seat.

University of Los Andes (Colombia)
The University of Los Andes , also commonly self-styled as Uniandes, is a private research university located in the city centre of Bogotá, Colombia. Founded in 1948 by a group of Colombian intellectuals led by Mario Laserna Pinzón, it was the first Colombian university established as nonsectarian (independent from any political party or religious institution). Los Andes has consistently been regarded as one of the best Colombian universities—very often ranked as the best—one of the top 10 in Latin America, and one of the top 300 world universities, according to both the QS World Top University Ranking and the Times Higher Education Classification. The university is academically composed of nine schools, three special academic entities—the Alberto Lleras Camargo School of Government, the Center for Research and Training in Education (CIFE), and the Interdisciplinary Center for Development Studies (CIDER)—and a joint academic venture with the medical institution Santa Fe de Bogotá Foundation, offering 31 undergraduate, 18 doctoral, and 38 graduate degree-granting programs in areas of human knowledge such as medicine, engineering, science, law and others. As of 2011, the university had given birth to 128 research groups recognized by Colciencias, most of them in the social sciences, mathematics, physics and engineering. By 2017, the number of groups recognized by Colciencias has increased to 153 research groups. It is one of the few Colombian universities to have received high quality institutional accreditation by the Colombian Ministry of Education, given in January 2015.

Mark Andes
Mark Andes( born February 19, 1948) is an American musician, known for his work as a bassist with Canned Heat, Spirit, Jo Jo Gunne, Firefall, Heart, and Mirabal.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

Keith Andes
Keith Andes( born John Charles Andes, July 12, 1920 – November 11, 2005) was an American film, radio, musical theater, stage and television actor.

Cliff Ollier
Cliff Ollier( born 1931) is a geologist, geomorphologist, soil scientist, emeritus professor and honorary research fellow, at the School of Earth and Geographical Sciences University of Western Australia. He was formerly at Australian National University, University of New England, Australia, Canberra University, University of Papua New Guinea, and University of Melbourne. Throughout his career he was a prolific author( as C.D Ollier), and he has contributed to reference works such as" The Oxford Companion to the Earth".

LeRoy D. Brown
LeRoy D. Brown was the first president of University of Nevada.

Mario Laserna Pinzón
Mario Laserna Pinzón (August 21, 1923 – July 16, 2013) was a Colombian educator and politician born in Paris of Colombian parents. Laserna Pinzón is credited for being the founder of the Los Andes University in Bogotá, which was incorporated in 1948 and is a private institution modeled on the United States liberal arts educational system. He also served as Senator of Colombia, and Ambassador to France and Austria and is an author of several books.

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Robert Altenkirch
Robert A. Altenkirch was the President of University of Alabama in Huntsville.