Edwin L. Marin
Edwin L. Marin (February 21, 1899 – May 2, 1951) was an American film director who directed 58 films between 1932 and 1951, working with Randolph Scott, Anna May Wong, John Wayne, Peter Lorre, George Raft, Bela Lugosi, Judy Garland, Eddie Cantor, and Hoagy Carmichael, among many others. Marin was born in Jersey City, New Jersey, and died in Los Angeles, California. He was married to actress Ann Morriss. They had three children: Denis Anthony, Reese Andrew and Randi Alexandra. He studied at the University of Pennsylvania and broke into the industry as an assistant director at MGM. He was under contract to MGM for 15 years and RKO for five. When he died he was under contract to Warner Bros.

John II, Lord of Polanen
John III, Lord of Polanen( – 3 November 1378 in Breda) was Lord of Polanen, Lord of De Lek and Lord of Breda.

Nigel D'Oyly
Nigel D' Oyly was an 11th- 12th century nobleman of England and, in 1120, the Lord of Oxford Castle, and briefly the Lord of Wallingford Castle.

Duccio Tessari
Duccio Tessari( 11 October 1926 – 6 September 1994) was an Italian director, screenwriter and actor, considered one of the fathers of spaghetti westerns. Born in Genoa, Tessari started in the fifties as documentarist and as screenwriter of peplum films. In 1964 he co-wrote Sergio Leone's" A Fistful of Dollars", one year later he gained an impressive commercial success and launched the Giuliano Gemma's career with" A Pistol for Ringo" and its immediate sequel," The Return of Ringo". He later touched different genres and worked in RAI TV, directing some successful TV- series. He died of cancer in Rome, at 68. He was married to actress Lorella De Luca.

Henry Brandeston
Henry Brandeston( or Henry of Braunstone) was a medieval Bishop of Salisbury.

John I, Lord of Polanen
John I, Lord of Polanen( – 26 September 1342) was Lord of Polanen, Lord of De Lek and Lord of Breda.

Doug Adams (music journalist)
Doug Adams is a musician, author, lecturer, and educator. He is the author of" The Music of the Lord of the Rings Films", a book about the music in" The Lord of the Rings" films.

Henry Goes Arizona
Henry Goes Arizona is a 1939 western film starring Frank Morgan as an actor who inherits his dead brother's ranch. While adjusting to the country there, he is threatened by a gang who is after the ranch. The film was directed by Edwin L. Marin.

Sgouros Spata
Sgouros Spata( 1399 – 1403) was the Lord of Arta briefly in 1400, and the Lord of Angelokastron from 1401 until his death in 1403, during warfare in a civil war.

Tex and the Lord of the Deep
Tex and the Lord of the Deep is a 1985 Western film co-written and directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Giuliano Gemma and William Berger. The film is an adaptation of the" Tex" comic series that were popular in Italy. Previously attempted to be made into a production in the late 1960s and early 1970s, the film was eventually made by Tessari who adapted the film from the comics originally to be a pilot for a television series.