Ismail Rama
Ismail Rama( born 3 November 1935) is an Albanian shooter who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games in the 50 metre rifle prone, he finished 22nd.

Renaldo Rama
Renaldo Rama( born 27 January 1990) is an Albanian footballer who plays for AO Karavas, as a forward

Atang de la Rama
Honorata de la Rama-Hernandez (January 11, 1902 – July 11, 1991), commonly known as Atang de la Rama, was a singer and bodabil performer who became the first Filipina film actress. Atang de la Rama was born in Pandacan, Manila on January 11, 1902. By the age of 7, she was already starring in Spanish "zarzuelas" such as "MascotaSueño de un Vals", and "Marina". At the age of 15, she starred in the sarsuela "Dalagang Bukid", where she became known for singing the song, "Nabasag na Banga". During the American occupation of the Philippines, Atang de la Rama fought for the dominance of the "kundiman", an important Philippine folk song, and the "sarsuela", which is a musical play that focused on contemporary Filipino issues such as usury, cockfighting, and colonial mentality. Generations of Filipino artists and audiences consider Atang de la Rama's vocal and acting talents as responsible for much of the success of original Filipino sarsuelas like "Dalagang Bukid", and dramas like "Veronidia". She has also been a theatrical producer, writer and talent manager. She was the producer and the writer of plays such as "Anak ni Eva" and "Bulaklak ng Kabundukan". For her achievements and contributions to the art form, she was hailed Queen of the Kundiman and of the Sarsuela in 1979, at the age of 74. Atang believed that art should be for everyone; not only did she perform in major Manila theaters such as the "Teatro Libertad" and the "Teatro Zorilla", but also in cockpits and open plazas in Luzon, the Visayas, and Mindanao. She also made an effort to bring the kundiman and sarsuela to the indigenous peoples of the Philippine such as the Igorots, the Aetas, and the Mangyans. She was also at the forefront of introducing Filipino culture to foreign audiences. At the height of her career, she sang kundimans and other Filipino songs in concerts in such cities as Hawaii, San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Tokyo. On May 8, 1987, "for her sincere devotion to original Filipino theater and music, her outstanding artistry as singer, and as sarsuela actress-playwright-producer, her tireless efforts to bring her art to all sectors of Filipino society and to the world," President Corazon C. Aquino proclaimed Atang de la Rama a National Artist of the Philippines for Theater and Music. Atang de la Rama died on July 11, 1991. She was married to National Artist for Literature, Amado V. Hernandez.

Stan Rice
Stan Rice( November 7, 1942 – December 9, 2002) was an American poet and artist. He was the husband of author Anne Rice.

Amado V. Hernandez
Amado Vera Hernandez, commonly known as Amado V. Hernandez (September 13, 1903 – March 24, 1970), was a Filipino writer and labor leader who was known for his criticism of social injustices in the Philippines and was later imprisoned for his involvement in the communist movement. He was the central figure in a landmark legal case that took 13 years to settle. He was born in Tondo, Manila, to parents from Hagonoy, Bulacan. He grew up and studied at the Gagalangin, Tondo, the Manila High School and at the American Correspondence School.

Urata Rama
Urata Rama( born 20 December 1986) is a Kosovan sports shooter. She competed in the women's 10 metre air rifle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Stan Marks
Stan Marks is an Australian writer and journalist. He is the husband of Holocaust survivor Eva Marks.

Jon Leach
Jonathan Leach( born April 18, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is the husband of Lindsay Davenport.

Manuel García Calderón
Manuel García Calderón García Rama( born 28 September 1953) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of CD Móstoles B.

José Nepomuceno
José Zialcita Nepomuceno( May 15, 1893 – December 1, 1959) was one of the pioneering directors and producer of Philippine cinema. He is also known as the founder of Philippine movies, he had his own production company Jose Mepomuceno Productions. It was in 1919 when he produced the first Filipino silent film entitled" Dalagang Bukid". The film starred Atang de la Rama, a future National Artist of the Philippines. He also directed" Un( El) Capullo MarchitoA Wilted Rosebud") in 1920. It starred Luisa Acuña, who then became a famous leading lady in Filipino silent films.