Came Out of the Grave
Came Out of the Grave is an album by the band Balzac.

A Town South of Bakersfield
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam. The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane. The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.

Dat Whoopty Woop
Dat Whoopty Woop is the debut album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly. The album came out on July 31, 2001.

There Are But Four Small Faces
There Are But Four Small Faces is a studio album by British rock group Small Faces, released on 1 December 1967 through Columbia Records. It was the band's first album release in the United States, and acts as an alternative version for overseas release of the Immediate album" Small Faces", which came out earlier the same year. " There Are" was issued around the same time as the group's single" Tin Soldier".

Killing on Adrenaline
Killing on Adrenaline is the second album by American technical death metal band Dying Fetus. The technical guitar riffs began on this release, a trait that evolved and progressed even more on later albums. " Kill Your Mother/ Rape Your Dog" was a deceptively- titled joke- song, about the band's standpoint on mainstream music. The album was released by Morbid Records of Germany in 1998 as a one- album deal. By 2000, they had signed to Relapse Records, who have a long tradition in underground death metal and grind. The album was re-released by Night Of The Vinyl Dead, on red, white and blue splatter vinyl, limited to 500 copies, in 2007. It was re-issued in 2011 with bonus tracks by Relapse Records. In 2018," Loudwire" named the album the best Slam death metal album in their ranking of the top 40 albums in each genre.

Marching for Liberty
Marching for Liberty is the third studio album by Hungarian heavy metal band Wisdom, released on September 27, 2013, through Noise Art Records. The album came out in Hungary one week later through Nail Records.

Mulberry Violence
Mulberry Violence is the debut album by American experimental artist Trevor Powers. The album came out on August 17, 2018 ..

Join the Triumph
Join the Triumph marks the first album from Citizens& Saints. It is their second studio album after 2013's" Citizens" release with label mates BEC Recordings. The album came out on November 11, 2014.

The Notorious K.I.M.
The Notorious K.I.M. is the second studio album by American rapper Lil' Kim. It was released on June 27, 2000, by Atlantic Records and her first album on her new label Queen Bee Entertainment. It debuted at number four on the US" Billboard" 200 chart, selling 229,000 copies in its first week, achieving Lil' Kim's highest peak and biggest first- week sales, and reached the top of the Top R&B/ Hip- Hop Albums chart. A commercial success," The Notorious K.I.M." was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America( RIAA) on August 2, 2000. It was the best- selling female rap album in 2000 with sales of over 1.4 million copies in the United States. To date," The Notorious K.I.M." has sold over 5.2 million copies worldwide. The album spawned two singles that attained moderate" Billboard" chart success. Lead single" No Matter What They Say" peaked at number 60 on the US" Billboard" Hot 100 and number 15 on the Hot R&B/ Hip- Hop Songs chart. The second single" How Many Licks?", featuring R&B artist Sisqó, performed similarly, reaching the bottom half of the Hot 100.

Living Very Happily
Living Very Happily is Cantopop artist Miriam Yeung's fourteenth Cantonese studio album. It was released by Amusic on 16 October 2009. The album includes eleven new songs. The second edition of the album came out on 2 December 2009. The second album includes a DVD with three music videos.