Slaves in Bondage
Slaves in Bondage is a 1937 American film directed by Elmer Clifton and starring Lona Andre, Donald Reed, and Wheeler Oakman.

Living in Bondage: Breaking Free
Living in Bondage: Breaking Free is a 2019 Nigerian drama thriller film produced by Charles Okpaleke and directed by Ramsey Nouah in his directorial debut. It is the sequel to the 1992 classic "Living in Bondage", and stars Kenneth Okonkwo, with Swanky JKA in his breakout role, and director Nouah as the main villain. The film set box office records and ranked eighth overall on the list of highest-grossing Nigerian films of all time.

The Flesh Is Weak
The Flesh Is Weak is a 1957 British film directed by Don Chaffey. It stars John Derek and Milly Vitale. Distributors Corporation of America released the film in the US as a double feature with" Blonde in Bondage".

Hearts in Bondage
Hearts in Bondage is a 1936 American war film directed by Lew Ayres. It was the only film that Ayres directed.

Wife, Husband and Friend
Wife, Husband and Friend is a 1939 comedy film directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Loretta Young, Warner Baxter and Binnie Barnes in the three title roles, respectively. The film, based on a script by Nunnally Johnson, tells the story of a contractor and his wife, and how their musical ambitions result in marital tensions and a romantic triangle with a professional singer. The film was remade as" Everybody Does It"( 1949), starring Paul Douglas as the contractor, Celeste Holm as his wife, and Linda Darnell as the singer.

Salt (2006 film)
Salt is a 2006 American film written and directed by Bradford Tatum. It is about an abusive husband, and the revenge his wife takes on him.

Bharyabhartala Bandham
Bharyabhartala Bhandam (English: Bondage of Wife & Husband) is a 1985 Telugu drama film produced and directed by V. B. Rajendra Prasad under his Jagapathi Art Pictures banner. It stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Nandamuri Balakrishna, Jayasudha, Rajani in the lead roles and music composed by Chakravarthy.

Souls in Bondage
Souls in Bondage is a lost 1916 silent film drama directed by Edgar Lewis and produced by the Lubin Manufacturing Company. Nance O'Neil stars.

His Wife's Husband
His Wife's Husband is a 1922 British silent crime film directed by George A. Cooper and starring Madge Stuart, Olaf Hytten, and M.A. Wetherell.

Living in Bondage
Living in Bondage is a 1992/93 Nigerian two- part drama thriller film directed by Chris Obi Rapu, written by Kenneth Nnebue and Okechukwu Ogunjiofor, produced by Ogunjiofor, and sponsored by Jafac Wine. The film was shot straight- to- video, and starred Kenneth Okonkwo and Nnenna Nwabueze in their breakout roles. In August 2015, Charles Okpaleke acquired the rights to" Living in Bondage" for a period of ten years under his production company Play Entertainment Network. On November 2, the highly anticipated sequel,, was premiered to uproarious acclaim in Lagos.