The Barton Mystery (1920 film)
The Barton Mystery is a 1920 British silent crime film directed by Harry T. Roberts, produced by Oswald Stoll and starring Lyn Harding, Hilda Bayley and Arthur Pusey It ran 72 minutes in length. The screenplay was written by R. Byron-Webber, based on the eponymous stage play by Walter C. Hackett, which was first staged in England in October, 1917. The cinematographer was E. Harvey Harrison. Producer Stoll emigrated to England from Australia, and opened a chain of British movie theaters and later moved into film production. He formed Stoll Picture Productions in 1919, and made seven feature films that year alone. When his longer length films didn't do well, he switched to making short subjects adapting best-selling novels of the day, featuring characters such as Sherlock Holmes and Fu Manchu. He chose to make this film based on the success of the film "Mr. Wu", which came out in 1919. Stoll tended toward xenophobia, hence he would generally make non-white foreigners the guilty party in his films. He followed this film up with another "Yellow Peril" film, "The Yellow Claw" by Sax Rohmer, which in turn was followed by twenty-three short Fu Manchu movies He later became a philanthropist and received a knighthood in 1919 for his charity work, finding housing for military veterans with mental illnesses.

Boccaccio (1920 film)
Boccaccio is a 1920 film directed by Michael Curtiz.

The Barton Mystery (1932 film)
The Barton Mystery is a 1932 British crime film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Ursula Jeans, Ellis Jeffreys and Lyn Harding. It was based on the play" The Barton Mystery" by Walter C. Hackett. It was made at Elstree Studios as a second feature for release by Paramount Pictures. At the time Paramount was spending more on its quota films than other Hollywood companies.

Man on Fire (1987 film)
Man on Fire is a 1987 action thriller film directed by Élie Chouraqui and starring Scott Glenn and Jade Malle. It is based on the 1980 novel" Man on Fire" by A. J. Quinnell. The rest of the cast includes Joe Pesci, Jonathan Pryce and a brief appearance by Danny Aiello as the Mafia don. Another film based on the same novel, also called" Man on Fire", was released in 2004, directed by Tony Scott.

Woman on the Run
Woman on the Run is a 1950 crime film noir directed by Norman Foster and starring Ann Sheridan and Dennis O'Keefe. The film was based on the April 1948 short story" Man on the Run" by Sylvia Tate and filmed on location in San Francisco. The film was restored and preserved by the UCLA Film& Television Archive.

On the Run (1982 film)
On the Run is a 1982 Australian thriller film.

Man on the Run
Man on the Run is a 1949 British film noir directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Derek Farr, Joan Hopkins, Edward Chapman, Kenneth More and Laurence Harvey.

Shakuntala (1920 film)
Shakuntala is a 1920 film directed by Suchet Singh.

The Barton Mystery (1949 film)
The Barton Mystery( French: Le mystère Barton) is a 1949 French mystery film directed by Charles Spaak and starring Françoise Rosay, Fernand Ledoux and Madeleine Robinson. It is based on the 1916 British play" The Barton Mystery" by Walter C. Hackett. It was the screenwriter Spaak's only attempt at directing a film.

The Man from Snowy River (1920 film)
The Man from Snowy River is a 1920 film made in Australia. The film was silent and filmed in black and white, and was based on the Banjo Paterson poem of the same name. It is considered a lost film.