Beryozovka River (Perm Krai)
Beryozovka is a river in Komi Republic and Perm Krai, Russia. It starts in Pechora- Ilych Nature Reserve in Komi Republic and flows into Lake Chusovskoye in the north of Cherdynsky District of Perm Krai. The river is long. The area of its basin is.

Stuart River (Minnesota)
The Stuart River is a river located in Minnesota, in the United States.

Pizhma River (Vyatka basin)
Pizhma River is a river in Nizhny Novgorod and Kirov Oblasts in Russia, an arm of the Vyatka River. The length of the river is 305 km, the area of its basin is 14,660 km². The Pizhma River freezes up in mid-November and stays icebound until the second half of April. The Pizhma is navigable within 144 km of its estuary.

Pizhma River (Komi Republic)
Pizhma River is a river in the Komi Republic in Russia, an arm of the Pechora River. The river is long and has a drainage basin of. The Pizhma flows southeast out of the Yamozero Lake, turns east and then north and joins the Pechora River at Ust -Tsilma, where the Tsilma River also joins the Pechora. The river freezes up in late October or early November and stays icebound until late April or early May. The Pizhma is navigable along its lower reaches.

Don River (North Queensland)
The Don River is a river located in North Queensland, Australia.

Lyutenge River
The Lyutenge( obsolete" Люютэнкэ") is a river in the Sakha Republic, Russia. It is a right tributary of the Lena River and has a length of. There are unusual rock formations by the river, the Turuuk Khaya Rocks, a protected area.

Dee River (Queensland)
The Dee River is a river located in Central Queensland, Australia.

Pechora River
The Pechora River( Komi: Печӧра; Nenets: Санэроˮ яха) is a river in northwest Russia which flows north into the Arctic Ocean on the west side of the Ural Mountains. It lies mostly in the Komi Republic but the northernmost part crosses the Nenets Autonomous Okrug.

Bowen River (Queensland)
The Bowen River is a river located in North Queensland, Australia.

Alder Creek (Siskiyou County, California)
Alder Creek is a river located in Siskiyou County, California.