Mordechai Rotenberg
Mordechai Rotenberg( 1932) is an Israeli professor of social work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

J. A. Lawrence
Judith Ann Blish( née Lawrence — born c. March 1940), known professionally as Judith L. Blish, Judy Blish, and J.A. Lawrence, is an American sketch artist and short fiction writer. She is most well known for her work on the series of" Star Trek" episode novelizations, alongside her husband James Blish, published from 1967 to 1978. She has been active in preserving, and promoting her husband's work.

Mary Horner Lyell
Mary Horner Lyell (9 October 1808 – 24 April 1873) was a conchologist and geologist. She was married to the notable British geologist Charles Lyell and assisted him in his scientific work. She never became widely known in her own right, although it is believed by historians that she likely made major contributions to her husband's work.

Janine Krieber
Janine Krieber is a Canadian political scientist, studying terrorism and international security. Her husband is Stéphane Dion, former leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and former Minister of Foreign Affairs. Krieber was born in Alma, Quebec, and is the oldest of three children. Her mother was a journalist and her father a photographer who was born in Austria. Krieber met Dion while the two were working toward their master's degrees in political science at Laval University. They later moved to France together to study at the Paris Institute of Political Studies, where they completed their respective doctoral degrees. Upon returning to Canada, Krieber took a teaching post at Laval University. She has since gone on to teach at Royal Military College Saint-Jean and work for the Department of National Defence in Ottawa. In Montreal's 2013 municipal election, Krieber ran for Montreal City Council as a Projet Montréal candidate for the district of Saint-Jacques in the Ville-Marie borough. Although she won the election, she ran as a colistière for party leader Richard Bergeron; under Montreal's municipal election process, this means that Bergeron, an unsuccessful mayoral candidate in the same election, retained the right to take office as the councillor for Saint-Jacques in place of Krieber. Bergeron announced following the election that he would take the seat.

Stéphane Dion
Stéphane Maurice Dion (born 28 September 1955) is a Canadian diplomat, political scientist and retired politician who has been the Canadian Ambassador to Germany and special envoy to the European Union since 2017. Dion was Minister of Foreign Affairs under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau from 2015 until he was shuffled out of Cabinet in 2017. He was also the Leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and the Leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons from 2006 to 2008. Dion was Member of Parliament for the Montreal riding of Saint-Laurent from 1996 until 2017. Dion was recruited by Prime Minister Jean Chrétien in 1996 to be Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs in the aftermath of the 1995 Quebec sovereignty referendum. His reference question to the Supreme Court of Canada, produced "Reference Re Secession of Quebec" and his "Clarity Act", which provided guidelines for subsequent referenda. Dion was in charge of implementing the Kyoto Protocol as Minister of Environment for Chrétien's successor, Paul Martin, whom he succeeded as party leader after the Liberal defeat in the 2006 federal election. Dion ran on an environmental platform in the 2008 federal election, but was defeated by Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper. After the subsequent parliamentary dispute, he was replaced as Liberal Leader by Michael Ignatieff. Before entering politics, Dion was a professor of political science at the Université de Montréal whose research focused on Canadian federalism and public administration. He frequently wrote and spoke out against the Quebec sovereignty movement.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

Alan McKenzie
Alan McKenzie is a British comics writer and editor known for his work at" 2000 AD".

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.