Jenn Forbes
Jennifer May" Jenni" Forbes is an Australian- born singer- songwriter based in Los Angeles. Her song," I Want You", co-written with Peter Northcote, was performed by fellow Mushroom Records artist, Toni Pearen and peaked in the top 10 on the ARIA Singles Chart in April 1993.

Heng Kim Song
Heng Kim Song( born 1963) is a Singaporean editorial cartoonist.

Hwang Te-song
Hwang Te- Song( born December 20, 1989) is a South Korean football player.

So Tae-song
So Tae- Song( born 1990?) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a forward.

I Want You (Shana song)
"I Want You" is the title track from the album " I Want You", written by Steven Gordon, released as its first single by freestyle singer Shana in 1989. It is her most successful single, reaching No. 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in the United States and No. 5 on the dance chart in Canada.

Wonny Song
Wonny Song( born 1978) is a Canadian pianist.

Xue Song (badminton)
Xue Song( born 22 January 1994) is a Chinese badminton player who specializes in men's singles.

Pink Typhoon
The song is a cover of the Village People's" In the Navy," but with rewritten Japanese lyrics that have nothing to do with the original content of the song. In the song's chorus the lines In the navy have been replaced with Pink Lady, and They want you as a new recruit with I want you, you want Mie/ I want you, you want Kei( referring to group members Mie and Kei). According to" Billboard", the original and Pink Lady cover versions were pitted against each other by record company Victor. The song was also featured on the Japanese music show" The Best Ten", where it peaked at# 6. The single sold approximately 700,000 copies. The B-side was a cover of disco group Arabesque.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Shana (singer)
Shana Petrone (born May 8, 1972, Park Ridge, Illinois) was raised in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and is an American singer of country, freestyle, and dance music. Shana released an album in 1989 entitled "I Want You" on Vision Records, which peaked at No. 165 on the Billboard Top 200. The album yielded two U.S. hit singles in 1990, "I Want YouBillboard" Hot 100 peak No. 40) and "You Can't Get Away" (Hot 100 peak No. 82). After her successes with dance music, Shana disappeared from the mainstream music scene. She reappeared as a country music singer under her full given name, and released three singles with Epic Nashville, "Heaven Bound" in 1998 and "This Time" in 1999. "Heaven Bound" was a hit on CMT and reached No. 60 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. Her third single on country radio was "Something Real", also supported by a music video. Despite three singles, Shana's country music album on Epic Nashville was never released. She is still recording country music but is no longer signed to a major record label.