Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Jean-Rodolphe Kars
Jean-Rodolphe Kars (born 1947) is an Indian-born French pianist of Austrian Jewish origin, who became catholic priest and belongs to the catholic Emmanuel Community.

Louis-Alexandre de Cessart
Louis- Alexandre de Cessart( 25 August 1719, Paris – 12 April 1806, Rouen) was a French road and bridge engineer. He served in the" gendarmerie de la Maison du Roi", fighting at the battles of Fontenoy and Raucoux in 1745 and 1746. In 1747 he entered the school of Jean- Rodolphe Perronet, which later became the École nationale des ponts et chaussées. He contributed to the" Encyclopédie" with Perronet and Jean- Baptiste de Voglie. He was made under-engineer of the generality of Tours in 1751. Notably, it was he who conceived several bridges over the River Loire, along with the Pont des Arts over the Seine in Paris, the first dike project at Cherbourg, and several quays at ports in north- west France.

Gunnar Wiklund
Gunnar Wiklund( 17 August 1935 – 29 September 1989), was a Swedish singer. He scored several Svensktoppen hits, and participated in Melodifestivalen four times.

Jean-Nicolas-Louis Durand
Jean-Nicolas-Louis Durand (Paris, 18 September 1760 – Thiais, 31 December 1834) was a French author, teacher and architect. He was an important figure in Neoclassicism, and his system of design using simple modular elements anticipated modern industrialized building components. Having spent periods working for the architect Étienne-Louis Boullée and the civil engineer Jean-Rodolphe Perronet, he became a Professor of Architecture at the École Polytechnique in 1795.

Gunnar S. Gundersen
Gunnar S. Gundersen( 25 December 1921 – 16 January 1983) or Gunnar S.( as he came to be known) was a Norwegian modernist painter.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Jean Ryff
Jean Rodolphe Ryff (born 1870) was a Swiss football manager and Club Director who worked in Sport Club Internacional.

Jean-Rodolphe Perronet
Jean-Rodolphe Perronet( 27 October 1708 – 27 February 1794) was a French architect and structural engineer, known for his many stone arch bridges. His best known work is the Pont de la Concorde( 1787).

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.