Kansas Barbed Wire Museum
The Kansas Barbed Wire Museum is a barbed wire museum located in La Crosse, Kansas, United States, known as the “Barbed Wire Capital of the World.” The museum focuses on barbed wire and its history, displaying over 2,000 different forms of the wire and its history. Barbed wire played a significant role in the history of the settlement of the United States and forever changed the face of the prairie. The museum was established in 1970 in a small storefront on Main Street in downtown La Crosse, Kansas. By 1990, the collections had grown so much that a new building was constructed adjacent to the Post Rock Museum and Rush County Historical Museum in Grass Park at the south edge of the community. In 2004, an addition was constructed on the building to house the headquarters of the Antique Barbed Wire Society and the Larry Greer Research Center. The Antique Barbed Wire Society is an international organization “committed to collecting, preserving, exhibiting, and interpreting the historical heritage of barb wire and barbed wire related items.” The Larry Greer Research Center houses collections of publications related to the history of barbed wire and a complete collection of patents related to barbed wire and related items.

Kansas Barbed Wire Museum
The Kansas Barbed Wire Museum is a barbed wire museum located in La Crosse, Kansas, United States, known as the “Barbed Wire Capital of the World.” The museum focuses on barbed wire and its history, displaying over 2,000 different forms of the wire and its history. Barbed wire played a significant role in the history of the settlement of the United States and forever changed the face of the prairie. The museum was established in 1970 in a small storefront on Main Street in downtown La Crosse, Kansas. By 1990, the collections had grown so much that a new building was constructed adjacent to the Post Rock Museum and Rush County Historical Museum in Grass Park at the south edge of the community. In 2004, an addition was constructed on the building to house the headquarters of the Antique Barbed Wire Society and the Larry Greer Research Center. The Antique Barbed Wire Society is an international organization “committed to collecting, preserving, exhibiting, and interpreting the historical heritage of barb wire and barbed wire related items.” The Larry Greer Research Center houses collections of publications related to the history of barbed wire and a complete collection of patents related to barbed wire and related items.

Barbed Wire Museum
The Barbed Wire Museum can refer to:

Lakeview Museum of Arts and Sciences
The Lakeview Museum of Arts and Sciences was a public museum of science and culture located in Peoria, Illinois. It opened in 1965, and contained a planetarium that opened in 1963. The 36- foot planetarium was set as the sun in the largest to scale mock solar system as recognized the Guinness Book of Records in 1992. It was closed on September 3, 2012, shortly before the Peoria Riverfront Museum, of which Lakeview Museum's organizations were participants, opened in downtown Peoria.

Petit Musée du Fouta
The Petit Musée du Fouta is a museum about the Fouta culture located in Guinea.

Devils Rope Barbed Wire Museum
The Devils Rope Barbed Wire Museum is a museum located in McLean, Texas, United States. The museum was officially opened in 1991 and focuses on barbed wire and its history. The museum is thought to have the largest collection of published material concerning barbed wire. The Devil's Rope Museum is housed in a converted brassiere factory and is dedicated to the history of barbed wire, fencing tools, and ranching heritage. Features exhibits and collections from private wire collectors from across the U.S, a reference library with extensive patent information for researchers and educators, a dust bowl exhibit, salesman samples, warfare wire, and a collection of road lore with artifacts dedicated to the Texas portion of Historic Route 66.

Museum of Primitive Art and Culture
The Museum of Primitive Art and Culture is a museum in South Kingstown, Rhode Island, United States. The museum was founded in 1892 and is Washington County, Rhode Island's oldest museum. The museum contains more than 15,000 archaeological and ethnological artifacts from around the world.

Robert Goldwater
Robert Goldwater( November 23, 1907 – March 26, 1973) was an art historian, African arts scholar and the first director of the Museum of Primitive Art, New York, from 1957 to 1973. He was married to the French- born American artist and sculptor Louise Bourgeois. Born in New York City, Goldwater received his BA in 1929 from Columbia University, and his MA from Harvard in 1931. Goldwater was one of the early art history students to study modern art at a time when the subject was not considered worthy of serious graduate research. Goldwater was one of the participants of the informal gatherings of art scholars organized by Meyer Schapiro( c.1935) that included Lewis Mumford, Alfred Barr and Erwin Panofsky. He wrote his doctoral dissertation in 1937 at New York University's Institute of Fine Arts under Richard Offner, on" primitivism" and Modern art. This would become the subject of his life's major works. The following year, a revised version of his dissertation appeared as the book" Primitivism in Modern Painting", a pioneering work that examines the relationship between tribal arts and 20th- century painting. In 1937, he married the French artist Louise Bourgeois who was to go on to become a world- renowned sculptor. In 1939, he accepted an appointment at Queens College, and taught art history there until 1956. In 1949, he co-curated a show at the Museum of Modern Art with Director Rene d' Harnoncourt entitled" Modern Art in Your Life". In 1957 he returned to New York University as full professor of art history, and the same year became the first director of the Museum of Primitive Art, founded by Nelson A. Rockefeller and derived in part from Rockefeller's personal collection. Goldwater organized the first exhibition of African art by a New York museum, which opened in 1957 in a town house on West 54th Street. In 1969, Nelson Rockefeller offered the entire Museum of Primitive Art collection to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which established a curatorial department for the care, study and exhibition of the works. A new wing was proposed, to be named in honor of Rockefeller's son Michael who disappeared in 1961 during an expedition in New Guinea with Dutch anthropologist René Wassing. Goldwater served as Consultative Chairman of the Metropolitan Museum's Department of Primitive Art from 1971 until his death. The wing, which contains both the Metropolitan Museum's existing holdings with those of the Primitive Museum's former holdings, opened to the public in January 1982. The departmental library was renamed the Robert Goldwater Library in Goldwater's memory.

Barbed Wire
Barbed Wire may refer to

Museum Arnhem
Museum Arnhem( formerly Municipal Museum and Museum of Modern Art Arnhem) is a museum of modern art, contemporary art, applied art and design in the Netherlands, with art from the 20th century. The museum is currently being renovated and expanded and is closed until the end of 2019.