Eohric of East Anglia
Eohric( died 902) was a Danish Viking king of East Anglia. The name" Eohric" is the Old English form of the Old Norse" Eiríkr". Little is known of Eohric or of the kingdom of East Anglia in his time. The" Anglo- Saxon Chronicle" recorded that an army from East Anglia raided Mercia and Wessex, and a West Saxon army raided East Anglia in retaliation. The Vikings met a section of the West Saxons at the Battle of the Holme on 13 December 902, and Eohric was killed.

Ælfthryth, wife of Edgar
Ælfthryth (– 1000 or 1001, also Alfrida, Elfrida or Elfthryth) was an English queen, the second or third wife of King Edgar of England. Ælfthryth was the first king's wife known to have been crowned and anointed as Queen of the Kingdom of England. Mother of King Æthelred the Unready, she was a powerful political figure. She was possibly linked to the murder of her stepson King Edward the Martyr and appeared as a stereotypical bad queen and evil stepmother in many medieval histories.

Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia
Æthelwald (died 962) was ealdorman of East Anglia. He is mentioned in Byrhtferth's life of Oswald of Worcester along with other members of his family. He was probably the oldest son of Æthelstan Half-King and succeeded to some of his father's offices in 956 when Æthelstan became a monk at Glastonbury Abbey. He was a benefactor of Ramsey Abbey and a supporter of the Benedictine reform movement which began in the reign of King Edgar. He was the first husband of Ælfthryth who married King Edgar after Æthelwald's death. William of Malmesbury's "Gesta regum anglorum" has a late account of Æthelwald's marriage and death. According to William, the beauty of Ordgar's daughter Ælfthryth was reported to King Edgar. Edgar, looking for a Queen, sent Æthelwald to see Ælfthryth, ordering him "to offer her marriage [to Edgar] if her beauty were really equal to report. " When she turned out to be just as beautiful as was said, Æthelwald married her himself and reported back to Edgar that she was quite unsuitable. Edgar was eventually told of this deception, and decided to repay Æthelwald's betrayal in like manner. He said that he would visit the poor woman, which alarmed Æthelwald. He asked Ælfthryth to make herself as unattractive as possible for the king's visit, but she did the opposite. Edgar, quite besotted with her, killed Æthelwald during a hunt. Edward Augustus Freeman debunks the Æthelwald murder story as a "tissue of romance" in his "Historic essays", but his arguments were in turn refuted by the naturalist William Henry Hudson in his 1920 book "Dead Man's Plack and an Old Thorn". Æthelwald was seemingly dead by 962 as he ceases to witness charters at that time. He was buried at Ramsey Abbey. His younger brother Æthelwine succeeded to his offices. A memorial to Æthelwald, known as the Dead Man's Plack, was erected in Longparish, Hampshire in 1825.

June Thoburn
June Thoburn( born 17 May 1939) is an Emeritus Professor in the School of Social Work at the University of East Anglia. She was educated at Balshaws Grammar School the University of Reading( BA, French), the University of Oxford, and the University of East Anglia( MSW, 1988). She qualified as a Social Worker in 1963 and joined the University of East Anglia as a Lecturer in Social Work in 1979. She was made a CBE in the 2002 Birthday Honours, and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.

David Richardson (academic)
David John Richardson( born August 1964) is a British academic who is currently Vice- Chancellor of the University of East Anglia.

Norman Riley
Norman Riley is an Emeritus Professor of Applied Mathematics at the University of East Anglia in Norwich( UK).

Sally-Ann Wilson
Sally- Ann Wilson( born 16 June 1959) has been Secretary- General of the Commonwealth Broadcasting Association since 2010. She graduate with a BA in Development Studies from the University of East Anglia in 1980 and an MPhil in Cultural Ecology. She joined the BBC in 1985. She is an Associate Tutor in the School of International Development at the University of East Anglia.

Bill MacMillan (academic)
Bill MacMillan( born 1950) is a British academic and former Vice- Chancellor of the University of East Anglia. He was educated at the University of Bristol where he graduated with a first class undergraduate degree in Civil Engineering and earned his PhD in Economic Geography. Prior to being appointed Vice- Chancellor of the University of East Anglia in 2006, he worked as an academic at the University of Kent, the University of Amsterdam, and at the University of Oxford where he became a Fellow of Hertford College, and a Pro-Vice- Chancellor of the University. He stepped down from his position as Vice- Chancellor of University of East Anglia in 2009.

Sigeberht of East Anglia
Sigeberht of East Anglia( also known as Saint Sigebert),( Old English:" Sigebryht") was a saint and a king of East Anglia, the Anglo- Saxon kingdom which today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk. He was the first English king to receive a Christian baptism and education before his succession and the first to abdicate in order to enter the monastic life. The principal source for Sigeberht is Bede's" Ecclesiastical History of the English People", which was completed in the 730s. Sigeberht was probably either a younger son of Rædwald of East Anglia, or his step- son from Rædwald's marriage to a pagan princess from the kingdom of Essex. Nothing is known of his life before he was exiled to Gaul, which was possibly done in order to ensure that Rædwald's own descendants ruled the kingdom. After his step- brother Eorpwald's assassination in about 627, Sigeberht returned to East Anglia and( perhaps in the aftermath of a military campaign) became king, ruling jointly with Ecgric, who may have been either a son of Rædwald's, or his nephew. During Sigeberht's reign the cause of Christianity in East Anglia was advanced greatly, even though his co-ruler Ecgric probably remained a pagan. Alliances were strengthened between the Christian kingdoms of Kent, Northumbria and East Anglia. Sigeberht himself played an important part in the establishment of the Christian faith in his kingdom: Saint Felix arrived in East Anglia to assist him in establishing his episcopal see at Dommoc, he started a school for teaching Latin and he granted the Irish monk Saint Fursey a monastery site at Cnobheresburg( possibly Burgh Castle). He eventually abdicated his power to Ecgric and retired to his monastery at Beodricesworth. At an unknown date, East Anglia was attacked by a Mercian army led by its king, Penda. Ecgric and the East Anglians appealed to Sigeberht to lead them in battle, but he refused and had to be dragged from his monastery to the battlefield. He refused to bear arms during the battle, during which both kings were slain and the East Anglian army was destroyed.

Æthelred II of East Anglia
Æthelred( floruit c. 875) was King of East Anglia. No textual evidence of his reign is known, but numismatic evidence points to his reign being in the 870s, perhaps together with Oswald of East Anglia, whose coins are known from the same period.