Fred Le Deux
Frederick" Fred" Le Deux( born 4 December 1934) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League( VFL). He is the grandfather of Tom Hawkins.

Henry Krause
Henry J." Red" Krause, Jr.( August 28, 1913 – February 20, 1987) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Washington Redskins. He played college football at St. Louis University. He is the grandfather of Jennifer Krause He is the great grandfather of Payton Hoeing

Abd al-Muttalib
Abd al- Muttalib Shaybah ibn Hashim( c. 497 – 578) was the grandfather of Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Thomas Pitt
Thomas" Diamond" Pitt( 5 July 1653 – 28 April 1726) of Stratford in Wiltshire and of Boconnoc in Cornwall, was an English merchant involved in trade with India who served as President of Madras and six times as a Member of Parliament. He was the grandfather of William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham(" Pitt the Elder") and was great- grandfather of Pitt the Younger, both prime ministers of Great Britain.

Grimoald the Younger
Grimoald II  (died 714), called the Younger, was the mayor of the palace of Neustria from 695. He was the second son of Pepin of Herstal and Plectrude and his father placed him in the office of mayor of the palace in the Neustrian kingdom in 695, when he was still young. He married Theudesinda (or Theodelinda), daughter of Radbod, King of the Frisians, and had two sons: Theudoald and Arnold. While en route to visit the tomb of Saint Lambert at Liège, he was assassinated by a certain Rangar, in the employ of his father-in-law. His sons carried on a fight to be recognised as Pepin of Herstal's true heirs, since Grimoald predeceased his father and his half-brother Charles Martel usurped the lands and offices of their father. In short, he was innocent but unlucky.

Kaya Alp
Kaya Alp was, according to Ottoman tradition, the son of Kızıl Buğa and the father of Suleyman Shah, who was, in turn, the grandfather of Ertuğrul, and the great grandfather of the Ottoman Empire founder, Osman I.

John Westley
Rev. John Westley( 1636 – 78) was an English nonconformist minister. He was the grandfather of John Wesley( founder of Methodism).

Pepin of Herstal
Pepin II (c. 635 – 16 December 714), commonly known as Pepin of Herstal, was a Frankish statesman and military leader who de facto ruled Francia as the Mayor of the Palace from 680 until his death. He took the title Duke and Prince of the Franks upon his conquest of all the Frankish realms. The son of the powerful Frankish statesman Ansegisel, Pepin worked to establish his family, the Pippinids, as the strongest in Francia. He became Mayor of the Palace in Austrasia in 680. Pepin subsequently embarked on several wars to expand his power. He united all the Frankish realms by the conquests of Neustria and Burgundy in 687. In foreign conflicts, Pepin increased the power of the Franks by his subjugation of the Alemanni, the Frisians, and the Franconians. He also began the process of evangelisation in Germany. Pepin's statesmanship was notable for the further diminution of Merovingian royal authority, and for the acceptance of the undisputed right to rule for his family. Therefore, Pepin was able to name as heir his grandson Theudoald. But this was not accepted by his powerful son Charles Martel, leading to a civil war after his death in which the latter emerged victorious.

Ed Bruneteau
Edward Ernest H." Eddie" Bruneteau( August 1, 1919 – July 30, 2002) was an ice hockey right winger. He was born in St. Boniface, Manitoba. Bruneteau played 181 games with the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League over seven seasons. He also coached the Omaha Lancers for 21 games in the 1986 – 87 season leading the team to a 0–21 record. Ed is the younger brother of" Mud" Bruneteau, famous for ending the longest overtime game in NHL history, and the grandfather of Matthew, Brett Bruneteau, and Nick Bruneteau all NCAA Division 1 college hockey players. He is also the grandfather of Colton Bruneteau Lower, a Sonar Technician in the United States Navy.

Lyon Cohen
Lyon Cohen( 1868–1937) was a Polish- born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist. He was the grandfather of singer/ poet Leonard Cohen.