Hostel: Part II
Hostel: Part II is a 2007 American slasher film written and directed by Eli Roth, and starring Lauren German, Roger Bart, Heather Matarazzo, Bijou Phillips, and Richard Burgi, while Jay Hernandez briefly reprises his role from the first film. The sequel to Roth's "Hostel" (2005), the film was produced by Chris Briggs, Mike Fleiss, and Eli Roth, with Boaz Yakin, Scott Spiegel, and Quentin Tarantino serving as executive producers. The plot follows three American female art students in Rome who are directed to a Slovak village where they are kidnapped and taken to a facility in which rich clients pay to torture and kill people. After the significant box office receipts of 2005's "Hostel", Roth conceived a sequel set directly after the events of the first film, opting to include three female protagonists to "up the ante. " Filming took place in the fall of 2006 in Prague at Barrandov Studios, with additional photography occurring in Iceland and Slovakia. Banned from theatrical release in several countries, "Hostel: Part II" had its world premiere at the Museum of the Moving Image in New York City on June 6, 2007, and was released theatrically in the United States two days later, on June 8th. The film earned less than its predecessor at the box office, grossing $17 million in the United States by the end of its theatrical run whereas the original made $19 million in its opening weekend alone. Prior to its theatrical release, a workprint of the film leaked on the Internet, and one publication at the time claimed it was the "most pirated film ever", which Roth suggested was a factor in the film's box office returns.

Neruppu Da
Neruppu Da ( English:" Fire' Em Up") is a 2017 Indian Tamil language action thriller film written and directed by debutant B. Ashok Kumar. The film was produced by Vikram Prabhu under his First Artist production company and stars him in the lead role alongside Nikki Galrani alongside an ensemble supporting cast including Sangeetha, Madhusudhan Rao, Vincent Asokan, Varun, and Rajkumar. The music was composed by Sean Roldan with cinematography by R. D. Rajasekhar and editing by debutant Thiyagu. The film's production started in July 2016, and the film was released on 8 September 2017. The film was dubbed in Hindi as Fire Man Surya.

Scum of the Earth (1974 film)
Scum of the Earth is a 1974 American horror film which was directed and produced by S.F. Brownrigg. It was also known as Poor White Trash Part II.

Way of the Dragon 2
Way of the Dragon 2, also known as Bruce Le's Greatest Revenge, is a 1978 martial arts sequel to Way of the Dragon starring Bruce Le. The film is also considered to be a Bruceploitation film. Despite the title the film has more in common with the 1972 film" Fist of Fury". The film has received mixed to negative reviews.

Road show
Roadshow theatrical release is a practice in which a film opened in a limited number of theaters in large cities. Road show or Road Show may also refer to:

Meatballs Part II
Meatballs Part II is a 1984 American comedy film and sequel to the 1979 film "Meatballs". The film stars Richard Mulligan, Hamilton Camp, John Mengatti, Kim Richards, Archie Hahn, Misty Rowe, and John Larroquette. "Meatballs Part II" was directed by Ken Wiederhorn. The screenplay for the film was written by Bruce Franklin Singer based on a story by Martin Kitrosser and Carol Watson.

Eric Troyer
Eric Lee Troyer( born 10 April 1949) is an American keyboardist, singer, songwriter, and occasional guitarist, best known as a member of ELO Part II and its successor, popular live band, The Orchestra. Troyer was a founding member of ELO Part II, having been recruited by band leader Bev Bevan in 1988. He wrote a substantial quantity of the material on ELO Part II's three albums:" Electric Light Orchestra Part TwoMoment of Truth"; and" One Night", a live album recorded in Australia. He also wrote a large amount of The Orchestra's album" No Rewind". With over 100 album credits and many years of performing, writing, recording and touring the world as a member of the Electric Light Orchestra Part II, Eric Troyer has enjoyed a rare level of creative achievement and success.

Berlin Sonnenallee station
Sonnenallee is a railway station in the Neukölln district of Berlin. It is served by the S- Bahn lines and and is located at the southeastern end of the major street of the same name, about which a film was produced in 1999.

Vaa Deal
Vaa Deal is an upcoming Indian Tamil- language action film directed and written by Rathina Shiva. It features Arun Vijay and Karthika Nair in the lead roles. The film has music by Thaman. Having been in production since 2012, the film has been delayed for several years.

Part Two
Part Two, Part 2 or Part II may refer to: