Joris van Soerland
Joris van Soerland( born 15 October 1972) is a retired Dutch male badminton player. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games in Atlanta, United States.

Jef François
Josephus Alphonsus Marie François( 22 May 1901 – 1996) was a Belgian Flemish far right politician and Nazi collaborator. A native of Ghent, he first came to politics as a member of the" Frontpartij", along with the likes of Ward Hermans and Joris Van Severen. In 1931 he joined the likes of Van Severen and Wies Moens in launching Verdinaso( The Verdinaso( Verbond der Dietse Nationaal- Solidaristen- Union of Diets National Solidarists) was an authoritarian and fascist- inspired political party in Belgium and the Netherlands during the 1930s), and was installed as deputy leader of the group the following year and head of the militia in 1937. François succeeded Van Severen as leader of Verdinaso after Van Severen's execution in 1940, taking the movement in a new, pro- Nazi Germany direction and merging them into the Flemish National Union. He commanded the militia group," Dietsche Militie", of this combined organisation. François enrolled in the Schutzstaffel( SS), in August 1941 and for a time he was the leader of the Flemish SS. Seeing action on the Eastern Front, he rose to the rank of Obersturmführer( First Lieutenant) in the 27th SS Volunteer Division Langemarck. After the war he was sentenced to death, but the sentence was commuted to life imprisonment, and he was released in 1952. After the war he organised an SS veterans group and was involved on the fringes of the Vlaamse Militanten Orde( a Flemish nationalist activist group in Belgium defending far- right interests by propaganda and political action).

Guido Lauri
Guido Lauri( 23 November 1922 – 27 October 2019) was an Italian dancer, actor, choreographer, ballet master, company director. Born in Rome, he entered the ballet school of then royal Rome Opera House at 6 years- old and in 1939, after a graduation with full marks, he joined the ballet company with the title of" primo ballerino étoile". A very handsome man, an eclectic artist, a" danseur noble" with hot- blooded temperament, he excelled in all the classics partnering famous ballerinas such as French ዘ Yvette Chauvirél and Liane Daydée, French/ Russian Ludmilla Tchérina and Italian Attilia Radice, often danced in neoclassical titles by Mikhail Fokin, Vaslav Nijinsky, Léonide Massine and created numerous roles for choreographer Aurel Milloss. As a guest star, soon after the Second World War and during the 50s, he was very much in demand in Italy( La Scala in Milan, Teatro Regio in Turin, La Fenice in Venice, Teatro Comunale in Bologna, Maggio Musicale Fiorentino, Teatro di San Carlo in Naples, Teatro Massimo in Palermo) and abroad( Metropolitan Opera House in New York and Teatro Colon in Buenos Aires as well as in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Portugal and Spain). As a ballet master and choreographer, he directed the Rome Opera Ballet between 1965 and 1983( collaborating with Erik Bruhn, Rudolf Nureyev, Roland Petit, Ninette De Valois, Pierre Lacotte) and, as a member of jury, he was invited by close friend Yuri Grigorovich in world- class dance competitions like those of Varna, Tokyo and Osaka. He worked for theatre with Luchino Visconti, for television with Vittorio Gassman, for cinema with Bernardo Bertolucci and he was in Hollywood at the invitation of Margarete Wallmann. Some of most talented artists of the time such as De Chirico, Guttuso, Picasso and prince Enrico D’ Assia designed costumes and scene- painting for him. He was awarded the Berlin's" Golden Bear prize" in 1941, the Rome's" Tiber's twins" in 1964, the Florence's" Michelangelo's David" in 1978 and in 1982 American" Who's Who" choose him as one of the greatest prides of the Italian ballet of the 20th century. Married to classical dancer Anna Maria Paganini and father of ballerina Tiziana Lauri, he also counted among his relatives a large number of acclaimed dancers, famed athlete Eliseo Paganini and celebrated operatic bass Giulio Neri.

Joris Van Hout
Joris Van Hout( born 10 January 1977) is a Belgian former footballer who played as a forward.

Leo Van Paemel
Leo Joris Van Paemel( born Blankenberge 15 January 1914: died Bruges, 28 January 1995) was a Flemish artist.

Henri Van Severen
Henri Van Severen- Ente was a famous gold- embroiderer from Sint- Niklaas. His works for clergy and important Churches are of fine quality. Van Severen was a son of Jean- Baptiste, who established the Van Severen- Manufacture ca 1830. During his youth he left his father's factory to go to Rome as papal zouave. His father died in 1871, and he became a Master- embroiderer. His works are typically neogothical, and procession banners are famous for the size and quality. He specialised in important restorations of old vestments. When he died in 1923 his widow, Emma Ente continued the work until her death.

Céline Van Severen
Céline Van Severen( born 17 September 1993) is a Belgian racing cyclist. She competed in the 2013 UCI women's road race in Florence.

George van Egmond
George or Joris van Egmont( c. 1504, in Egmond – 26 September 1559, in Saint- Amand Abbey) was a Christian religious authority and a bishop, who served as bishop of Utrecht from 1534 to 1559.

Joris Van Severen
Joris Van Severen( 19 July 1894 – 20 May 1940) was a Belgian politician and ideologue of the Flemish Movement. A leading figure of pre-World War II Flemish nationalism, he co-founded the extreme- right group Verdinaso.

Maarten van Severen
Maarten Van Severen( 5 June 1956, Antwerp, Belgium – 21 February 2005, Ghent, Belgium) was a Belgian furniture designer and interior architect. He came from an artistic family: his father was the abstract painter Dan Van Severen while his brother, Fabian Van Severen, is also a designer. Maarten Van Severen started out studying architecture in Ghent, designing furniture from 1986 onward. He is considered one of the few Belgian designers who have achieved international success.