Physical Jerks
Physical Jerks is a 1997 Italian comedy film directed by Stefano Reali. It is an adaptation of a semi-autobiographical comedy play by the same Reali. The English version of its title is the( chiefly British) informal term for physical exercise.

Children of Love
Children of Love( French: Les enfants de l'amour) is a 1953 French drama film directed by Léonide Moguy and starring Etchika Choureau, Joëlle Bernard and Lise Bourdin.

Messieurs les enfants
Messieurs les enfants is a 1997 French comedy film, directed by Pierre Boutron.

Au revoir les enfants
Au revoir les enfants( meaning" Goodbye, Children") is an autobiographical 1987 film written, produced and directed by Louis Malle. The film won the Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival.

Closet Children
Closet Children( original title: Les Enfants du Placard) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot.

Au Revoir Taipei
Au Revoir Taipei is a 2010 Taiwanese romantic comedy film set in Taipei and is Arvin Chen's feature directorial debut. It won the NETPAC Award at the 2010 Berlin International Film Festival and was considered a box office success in Taiwan.

Les Enfants du naufrageur
Les Enfants du naufrageur is a French adventure film from 1992. It was directed by Jérôme Foulon written by François Celier, starring Jean Marais and Brigitte Fossey. The film is also known as" Shipwrecked Children".

Les Enfants Terribles (film)
Les Enfants Terribles(" The terrible children") is a 1950 French film directed by Jean- Pierre Melville and based on Jean Cocteau's novel," Les Enfants Terribles". The first feature film of Melville," Le Silence de la Mer"( 1949), attracted the attention of Jean Cocteau, who commissioned him to direct the film version of" Les Enfants Terribles".

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

Au Revoir, UFO
Au Revoir, UFO is a 2004 South Korean film.