Mohed Altrad
Mohed Altrad is a Syrian- born French billionaire businessman, rugby chairman and writer, born c. March 1948. He was born to a very young mother and his Bedouin father gave him away to his grandparents at age four following his mother's death. In 2015, Altrad was named World Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst& Young.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Chae Min-seo
Chae Min-seo( born Jo Soo-jin; March 16, 1981) is a South Korean actress. Chae made her acting debut in 2002 with" Champion", and has since played leading roles in horror film" The Wig" and the indies" Loner"( 2008)," Vegetarian"( 2010)," Sookhee"( 2014) and" Young Mother: What's Wrong with My Age?"( 2015). She actually shaved her head for the movie" The Wig".

Dexter Young
Dexter Young (a.k.a. Yeung Tin-king, , born 25 March 1975) is a Hong Kong actor who joined TVB in 2007. He is the son of well-known Hong Kong actress Connie Chan. He joined the local entertainment industry in 2001 after earning a bachelor's degree in Economics from the University of Texas at Austin, and have since been an actor on stage and on TV.

Connie Chan
Connie Chan Po-chu was born in 1947 to impoverished parents, one of at least nine siblings, in Guangdong, China. To increase their children's chances of survival, Chan's birth parents gave away some of their youngest to other families. As a result, Chan was adopted by Chan Fei-nung and his wife, Kung Fan-hung, who were renowned Cantonese opera stars. During the 1960s, Connie Chan was one of Hong Kong cinema's most beloved teen idols. She made more than 230 films in a variety of genres: from traditional Cantonese opera and wuxia movies to contemporary youth musicals; action films to comedies; melodramas and romances. Owing to her popularity she was dubbed "The Movie-Fan Princess". Her godfather is actor Cho Tat Wah. She has a son named Dexter Yeung, who stars in the 2008 TVB Series "Wasabi Mon Amour" and "Moonlight Resonance".

Chitra Shenoy
Chitra Shenoy is a well known Indian actress in South Indian movies. She has acted in more than 600 films in Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Tulu, and Hindi. She is known as the' young mother' in the Kannada film industry having portrayed the role of a mother to almost all top stars in Kannada. In Malayalam she rose to fame with her role as Mammootty's mother in Rajamanikyam. She became a house- hold name in Kerala with the mother- in- law character in the Malayalam serial Sthreedhanam.

Madeleine Beauséjour
Madeleine Beauséjour is a film editor and director from Réunion. Her 1988 short French- Creole film" Koman I le la sours" portrayed the life of a young mother in the La Source district in Saint- Denis, whose house is used as a hangout by the local children.

Patricia Canning Todd
Patricia Canning Todd( born Mary Patricia Canning, July 22, 1922 – September 5, 2015), was an American tennis player who had her best results just after World War II. In 1947 and 1948, she won a total of four Grand Slam championships: one in singles, two in women's doubles, and one in mixed doubles. She won these titles as a young mother.

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).

Baglan Mailybayev
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).