Jawty
Jawty is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian- Masurian Voivodeship, Poland:

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Surog Charmil
Surog Charmil( also Romanized as Sūrog Charmīl; also known as Sūrog) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.

Radzice
Radzice is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland:

Lubnowy
Lubnowy is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian- Masurian Voivodeship, Poland:

Sheykhian Mari
Sheykhian Mari( also Romanized as Sheykhīān Mārī; also known as Sheykheyān, Sheykhīān, and Sheykhīyan) is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 222, in 48 families.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Blăgești, Bacău
Blăgești is a commune in Bacău County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Blăgești, Buda, Poiana Negustorului, Țârdenii Mari and Valea lui Ion.

Kurda
Kurda, was an ancient Semitic Amorite kingdom located in Northern Mesopotamia. The city is mentioned in the Archives of Mari, and was a vassal of Babylon.

Yoshkar-Ola
Yoshkar- Ola( Mari and) is the capital city of the Mari El Republic, Russia. Yoshkar- Ola means" red city" in Mari and was formerly known as Tsaryovokokshaysk before 1919, as Krasnokokshaysk between 1919 and 1927( both after the Malaya Kokshaga River, which runs through the city) and Charla( old Mari). Yoshkar- Ola was established as a military fortress in 1584, following the Russian conquest of the Mari region. It is currently one of the centers of the Finno- Ugric people and the administrative center of the Yoshkar- Ola city district.