Hammarplast
Hammarplast is a Swedish company that manufactures plastic household products. It is a subsidiary of the Finnish Orthex Group. The company was founded 1947 at Tingsryd in Sweden by the brothers Carl and Hugo Hammargren. One of its designers was Sigvard Bernadotte. It was owned by Perstorp 1980 – 1985. It was bought 2011 by Orthex Group of Finland.

China Motor Corporation
China Motor Corporation( CMC) is an automobile manufacturer based in Taipei, Taiwan.

British Motor Corporation
The British Motor Corporation Limited( BMC) was a UK- based vehicle manufacturer, formed in early 1952 to give effect to an agreed merger of the Morris and Austin businesses. BMC acquired the shares in Morris Motors and the Austin Motor Company. Morris Motors, the holding company of the productive businesses of the Nuffield Organisation, owned MG, Riley, and Wolseley. The agreed exchange of shares in Morris or Austin for shares in the new holding company, BMC, became effective in mid-April 1952. In September 1965, BMC took control of its major supplier of bodies, Pressed Steel, acquiring Jaguar's body supplier in the process. In September 1966, BMC merged with Jaguar Cars. In December 1966, BMC changed its name to British Motor Holdings Limited( BMH). BMH merged, in May 1968, with Leyland Motor Corporation Limited, which made trucks and buses and owned Standard- Triumph International Limited, BMH becoming the major part of British Leyland Motor Corporation.

British Championship
British Championships or British Championship may refer to:

British Motor Corporation (Australia)
British Motor Corporation (Australia) was a motor manufacturing company formed in Australia in 1954 by the merger of the Austin Motor Company (Australia) and Nuffield (Australia) Pty Ltd. This followed the merger in 1952 of the Austin Motor Company and the Nuffield Group in the United Kingdom to form the British Motor Corporation. Following further corporate changes in the UK in the late 1960s, BMC Australia was absorbed into the newly established British Leyland Motor Corporation of Australia, the name of which became Leyland Motor Corporation of Australia in 1972, and then JRA Limited in March 1983.

British Motor Corporation (Australia)
British Motor Corporation (Australia) was a motor manufacturing company formed in Australia in 1954 by the merger of the Austin Motor Company (Australia) and Nuffield (Australia) Pty Ltd. This followed the merger in 1952 of the Austin Motor Company and the Nuffield Group in the United Kingdom to form the British Motor Corporation. Following further corporate changes in the UK in the late 1960s, BMC Australia was absorbed into the newly established British Leyland Motor Corporation of Australia, the name of which became Leyland Motor Corporation of Australia in 1972, and then JRA Limited in March 1983.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

British Motor Holdings
British Motor Holdings Limited( BMH) was a British vehicle manufacturing company known until 14 December 1966 as British Motor Corporation Limited( BMC). BMH was created as a holding company following the BMC's takeover of both Jaguar Cars and the Pressed Steel Company in that year. Thirteen months later, on 17 January 1968, under direct pressure from its national government, BMH merged with( Standard- Triumph, Rover and Alvis cars, Leyland trucks and buses, Alvis fighting vehicles) to form British Leyland Motor Corporation( BLMC).

Mini (disambiguation)
The Mini is a small economy car made by the British Motor Corporation( BMC) and its successors from 1959- 2000. Mini may also refer to:

Delta Motors Corporation
Delta Motor Corporation was an automobile company from the Philippines established by Ricardo C. Silverio, Sr. It operated under a technical tie- up with Toyota Motor Corporation of Japan, but also produced its own range of small off- roaders called the" Delta Mini Cruiser". Delta was founded in 1962 and continued to be Toyota's local assembler and distributor until 1984.