Captain Applejack
Captain Applejack is a 1931 American Pre- Code comedy film, produced and distributed by Warner Brothers. The film was directed by Hobart Henley and stars John Halliday, Mary Brian, Kay Strozzi and Arthur Edmund Carewe. The film was based on a 1921 play of the same name, starring Wallace Eddinger and written by Walter C. Hackett. The play had previously been filmed as a silent film in 1923 under the title of" Strangers of the Night".

Watch Your Neighbor
Watch Your Neighbor is a 1918 silent film comedy short directed by Hampton Del Ruth and Victor Heerman. It starred Charles Murray and Mary Thurman. It was produced by Mack Sennett in a distribution deal with Paramount Pictures.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

Strangers of the Night
Strangers of the Night is a 1923 American silent comedy film directed by Fred Niblo. It was produced by Louis B. Mayer and released through Metro Pictures. The film was adapted by C. Gardner Sullivan from the 1921 stage play," Captain Applejack", by Walter C. Hackett, which on Broadway had starred Wallace Eddinger. It was remade as a talkie by Warner Brothers in 1931 under the" Captain Applejack" title. The 1923 film is now lost.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Watch Your Stern
Watch Your Stern is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Kenneth Connor, Eric Barker and Leslie Phillips. The film was based on the play" Something About a Sailor" by Earle Couttie. The Royal Navy provided cooperation, allowing the producers to film in Chatham Dockyard, and aboard HMS" Jaguar and HMS" Chaple". The film shares its cast and production team with the" Carry On" films, but is not an official member of the" Carry On" series. It also has similarities to the long- running BBC radio series" The Navy Lark".

Cowboy Serenade
Cowboy Serenade is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Fay McKenzie. Written by Olive Cooper, the film is about a singing cowboy and cattleman who goes after a gambling ring after they fleece the cattlemen association's representative of their cattle. The film features the songs" Nobody Knows", and" Sweethearts or Strangers", and the title song.

Strangers of the Evening
Strangers of the Evening is a 1932 American pre-Code film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring ZaSu Pitts, Lucien Littlefield, and Eugene Pallette. The film is also known as The Hidden Corpse( American reissue title).

Watch Your Wife
Watch Your Wife is a 1926 American silent comedy drama film directed by Svend Gade and starring Virginia Valli, Pat O'Malley and Nat Carr.