Ashkan Kooshanejad
Ashkan Kooshanejad (Persian: اشکان کوشانژاد; born August 13, 1985), also known as Ash Koosha, is a British-Iranian composer, record producer, innovator living in London, United Kingdom. He mainly uses computer software in his work. He played the lead role in an Iranian-Cannes jury prize winner docufiction film by director Bahman Ghobadi called "No One Knows About Persian Cats", which follows his band's story scouring the Iranian underground music scene trying to find musicians to play in a festival in the UK.
Kooshanejad sought asylum in the UK as a result of the reaction to the film in Iran. Kooshanejad released the album "GUUD" in 2015. The video for " I Feel That" was directed by digital artist Hirad Sab. The album has received positive feedback and support from music critics such as pitchfork (website). The album holds a rating of 4.4/5 on discogs. He released his second LP I AKA I on London label Ninja tune which has gained critical acclaim worldwide. The album holds a rating of 8/10 on Allmusic and 79 on Metacritic I AKA I was accompanied by mainly digital videos created by Hirad Sab and was premiered on Adult Swim. In 2015 he introduced the concept for the world's first virtual reality album and has developed multi sensory experiences for songs such as Snow, OTE, Stained and Eluded since. He has performed using a virtual reality headset for the first time at the London Institute of Contemporary Art, in collaboration with TheWaveVR. In 2018 he introduced a virtual singer named "YONA" using advanced technologies

Joy Nichols
Joy Eileen Nichols( 17 February 1925 – 23 June 1992) was an Australian- British comedian, actress and singer who also worked in the United States. She is best known as a star of" Take It From Here" on BBC Radio.

Dev Prasad Timilsena
Dev Prasad Timilsena is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Rautahat- 4, Province No. 2. He is the member of Nepali Congress.

Devendra Paudel
Devendra Paudel is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Baglung- 2, Province No. 3. He is the member of Nepal Communist Party.

Paul Eibeler
Paul Eibeler was CEO of Take- Two Interactive between 2005 and 2007.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Dhurba Kumar Shahi
Dhurba Kumar Shahi is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Surkhet- 1, Province No. 6. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Dipak Prakash Bhatta
Dipak Prakash Bhatta is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Kanchanpur- 3, Province No. 7. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Take It Easy Hospital
Take It Easy Hospital was a London-based duo from Iran. Formed by singer and producer Ash Koosha a.k.a. Ashkan Kooshanejad in Tehran. Their first single demo song Human Jungle was recorded in July 2008 as a single from the follow up EP "Human Jungle" leading them to record the Singles "My Sleepy Fall" and "Chasing The Sun". The two starred in the award-winning fiction-documentary film " No One Knows About Persian Cats" by Iranian director Bahman Ghobadi in 2009. The film which was made without a permit follows their story trying to find live members to play in some festivals in the UK. Due to the film's success and the post election turmoil during the summer of 2009 in Iran, Kooshanejad, Shaghaghi and Ghobadi were forced to ask for asylum and have not been able to return since.

Ghanashyam Khatiwada
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.