Icet
ICET, ICE.T or variant, may refer to:

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

The Clink of Ice
The Clink of Ice is a 2010 French black comedy film written and directed by Bertrand Blier. The plot centers on Charles( Jean Dujardin), an alcoholic writer who is confronted by an incarnation of his own cancer( Albert Dupontel). The film's original French title is Le Bruit des glaçons, which literally means" The noise of ice cubes".

Palaivana Rojakkal
Palaivana Rojakkal is a 1986 Indian Tamil- language political satire film written by M. Karunanidhi and directed by Manivannan. It is a remake of the Malayalam film" Vartha", released earlier the same year. The film stars Sathyaraj, Lakshmi, Nalini and Prabhu in the lead roles. It focuses on a journalist, his lover and his friend as they fight a corrupt system to expose unscrupulous politicians. " Palaivana Rojakkal" was released on 1 November 1986 and became a commercial success.

The Clink
The Clink was a prison in Southwark, England, which operated from the 12th century until 1780. The prison served the Liberty of the Clink, a local manor area owned by the Bishop of Winchester rather than by the reigning monarch. As the Liberty owner, the Bishop kept all revenues from the Clink Liberty, and could put people in prison for failing to make their payments. As the Bishop, he could also imprison heretics. The Clink prison was situated next to the Bishop's London- area residence of Winchester Palace. The Clink was possibly the oldest men's prison and probably the oldest women's prison in England. It is uncertain whether the prison derived its name from, or bestowed it on, the Liberty that it served. The origins of the name" The Clink" are possibly onomatopoeic, deriving from the sound of striking metal as the prison's doors were bolted, or the rattling of the chains the prisoners wore. The name has become slang as a generic term for prison or a jail cell.

Guilty?
Guilty? is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film directed by George B. Seitz.

Anne Alvaro
Anne Alvaro( born 29 October 1951) is a French actress whose work spans from the early 1970s through 2012. She is probably best known for her role as Eleonore in the 1983 biopic" Danton". She won one César Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for" The Taste of Others" in 2001 and another for" The Clink of Ice" in 2011. Alvaro has also appeared in televised films, play adaptations, and series. In 2010, she appeared in a reoccurring role during the third season of the hit French TV drama," Engrenages".

Shirin Farhad (1931 film)
Shirin Farhad is a 1931 Hindi language musical film. It was the second Indian film with sound. It was based on the love story from the" Shahnameh" of Farhad and Shirin by Nizami Ganjavi. The film was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Nissar and Jehanara Kajjan. " Alam Ara" was released earlier the same year and was the first Indian film with sound.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.