Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

The Tunnel
The Tunnel may refer to:

Place of birth
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

Curtis Bernhardt
Curtis Bernhardt (15 April 1899 – 22 February 1981) was a German film director born in Worms, Germany, under the name Kurt Bernhardt. He trained as an actor in Germany, and performed on the stage, before starting as a film director in 1924, with "Nameless Heroes". Other films include "A Stolen Life" (1946) and "Sirocco" (1951). Bernhardt made films in Germany from 1925 until 1933, when he was forced to flee the Nazi regime — who briefly had him arrested — because he was Jewish. Bernhardt directed films in France and England before moving on to Hollywood to work for Warner Brothers in 1940. He produced and directed his last Hollywood picture, "Kisses for My President" (1964), about the nation's first female Chief Executive starring Polly Bergen and Fred MacMurray. He is interred at Glendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery, near his wife, Pearl Argyle Wellman Bernhardt.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

The Tunnel (1933 German-language film)
The Tunnel (German: Der Tunnel) is a 1933 French-German science fiction film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Paul Hartmann, Attila Hörbiger and Olly von Flint. The film was made by Bavaria Film, and shot at the company's Emelka Studios in Munich. It is an adaptation of Bernhard Kellermann's 1913 novel "Der Tunnel" about the construction of a vast tunnel under the Atlantic Ocean connecting Europe and America. It premiered at the Capitol Theatre in November 1933. A separate French version was also produced. In 1935 the film was remade in Britain with the same title. The 1935 British film was released in the United States as "Transatlantic Tunnel".

Free Expression Tunnel
The Free Expression Tunnel is the longest, widest, and most heavily used pedestrian tunnel under the railroad tracks at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina (also goes under Yarbrough Drive). The special aspect of the tunnel is that anyone is permitted to decorate its walls, ceiling, and floor. The tunnel connects NCSU's North Campus with the Central Campus and provides the most direct route from The Brickyard to the Central Campus residence halls. Clubs, fraternities, sororities, and other organizations often paint the tunnel to promote events and amateur artists paint to express themselves and to promote freedom of speech. A retaining wall just outside the tunnel's south entrance is also open for free expression. The "service tunnel" itself was constructed in 1939 as a Public Works Administration project. The tunnel was first painted in 1968, when it was painted red and white to celebrate the military veterans of North Carolina Fans of other universities' sports teams often come to the Free Expression Tunnel before and sometimes after big athletic events to paint the tunnel with their teams' athletic colors as part of a prank. Carolina Tar Heel fans have a long history of doing this prank as well as fans from East Carolina University. The tunnel is subject to flooding during massive torrential rains. Waters rose to a height of 60 inches after a storm in July 2003. For the Spring 2005-2006 semester, the Free Expression Tunnel was closed for repairs and the installation of handicap ramps. The tunnel reopened in the winter of 2006 with a re-dedication ceremony, which unveiled a new plaque at the tunnel's north entrance expressing the brief history of the tunnel and its purpose. Prior to the renovations, the space available for free expression was much larger at both ends. On November 5, 2008 racist, threatening graffiti directed at (then) President-elect Barack Obama was found in the tunnel. Because of the threats against Obama, the Secret Service was among those called to investigate. The four students responsible were identified, and admitted to the act, stating that it was protected by their First Amendment right to free speech; however the North Carolina chapter of the NAACP has called for their expulsion. Since February 2010, there has been an ongoing tradition of a weekly freestyle cypher, every Monday night around 11pm. Local artists and students alike gather at the tunnel to freestyle, beatbox, sing, play instruments, recite poetry, and network. More photos of the tunnel and the free expression art can be seen at the tunnel's Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/FreeX.NCSU The video below is an example of what people can do in the tunnel.

Black Rock Tunnel
The Black Rock Tunnel is an active rail road tunnel of the old Reading Railroad. The 1835 tunnel was the third rail tunnel constructed in the United States, and is the third oldest still in use. The tunnel is also notable as being the first for which shafts were sunk during construction. The tunnel is cut through a hill in Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, United States. The tunnel and line are now owned by Norfolk Southern as part of its Harrisburg Line. The Black Rock Tunnel was constructed between 1835 and 1837 and opened in 1838. W. Hasell Wilson was the resident engineer in charge. The tunnel was originally long, wide, and high. The tunnel passes below the top of the hill. A then- unique feature of the tunnel's construction was the sinking of six, diameter shafts, tangent to the tunnel cross section. These shafts were spaced at intervals to correct errors in the tunnel alignment. Construction of the tunnel cost an estimated$ 178,992. Noted local miner, geologist and palaentologist Charles M. Wheatley examined the rock excavated from the tunnel and identified many previously unknown fossilized species, some of which now bear his name. In 1858 and 1859 the Black Rock and Flat Rock Tunnels were widened to accommodate the wider rolling stock from the Lebanon Valley Branch. The spacing between the tracks was increased from to. The widening of the tunnel was the first project to employ electric detonation of multiple explosive charges. The northern end of the tunnel is high on a steep bank of the Schuylkill River so the rail line makes a dramatic transition from tunnel to bridge. The ends of the Black Rock Tunnel are located at and.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.