Adath Israel
Adath Israel or Adas Israel(" Congregation/ Community of Israel") may refer to the following Jewish synagogues:

Temple Adath Israel (Owensboro, Kentucky)
Temple Adath Israel, is a synagogue in Owensboro, Kentucky. The Moorish Revival facade of the modest building features a gothic- arched door flanked by a pair of gothic- arched windows punctuated by four pilasters. These are surmounted with molded capitals and fanciful embellishments and the whole is topped by a whimsical row of four, small, onion domed turrets. The synagogue was built in 1877. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is among the oldest synagogue buildings still standing in the United States.

Temple Adath Israel (Cleveland, Mississippi)
Temple Adath Israel is a Reform Jewish synagogue in Cleveland, Mississippi. The Congregation was organized in 1923; a Hebrew school had been started the previous year. The congregation's Byzantine Revival synagogue was built in 1927. An annex, designed by architect Harold Kaplan of Greenville, Mississippi was completed in 1949- 1950. The Temple was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 2002.

Adath Israel (Havana, Cuba)
Adath Israel, located in Havana, is the only Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Cuba.

Congregation Adath Israel Brith Sholom
The Temple - Congregation Adath Israel Brith Sholom is a Reform synagogue located in Louisville, Kentucky. Originally the Adath Israel Temple, it adopted its current name following a merger, but is more commonly known by the informal name The Temple. Prior to merging, the congregations resided in several buildings, with the Adath Israel Temple's third synagogue listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm
Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm is a historic home and farm located near Middletown, New Castle County, Delaware.

Edward M. Gregg Farm
The Edward M. Gregg Farm is a farm located in Jerome, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Catalpa Farm
The Catalpa Farm is a historic home and farm complex located at Princess Anne, Somerset County, Maryland, United States. It is a two- story, five- bay center passage structure built in two principal stages. The older section is a two- story, three- bay side- hall parlor house with service wing erected around 1825- 1840. A two- story one- room plan frame addition was attached shortly thereafter. Also on the property are an early 19th- century dairy and smokehouse, a late 19th- century privy, a modern garage, a mid-19th- century corn crib, an early 20th- century gambrel- roofed barn, and an early 19th- century tobacco house. The Catalpa Farm was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

Oakley (Upperville, Virginia)
Oakley is a historic home and farm located near Upperville, Fauquier County, Virginia.

Blue Ridge Farm (Upperville, Virginia)
Blue Ridge Farm is a historic home and farm located near Upperville, Fauquier County, Virginia.