Alexander Baring, 1st Baron Ashburton
Alexander Baring, 1st Baron Ashburton PC( 27 October 1774 – 12 May 1848), of The Grange in Hampshire, of Ashburton in Devon and of Buckenham Tofts near Thetford in Norfolk, was a British politician and financier, and a member of the Baring family. Baring was the second son of Sir Francis Baring, 1st Baronet, and of Harriet, daughter of William Herring.

Ann Louisa Baring
Anne Louisa Baring, Baroness Ashburton( born Ann Louisa Bingham 6 January 1782 – 5 December 1848) was the wife of Alexander Baring, Lord Ashburton and first child of William Bingham and Ann Willing Bingham.

Bill Smith (footballer, born 1897)
William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.

Alexander Baring, 4th Baron Ashburton
Alexander Hugh Baring, 4th Baron Ashburton (4 May 1835 – 18 July 1889), was a British landowner and Conservative Party politician. Baring was the son of Francis Baring, 3rd Baron Ashburton (1800–1868), and his wife Hortense Eugenie Claire Maret de Bassano (c. 1812 – 1882), and the grandson of American heiress Ana Louisa Bingham, whose father was William Bingham. He was educated at Harrow School and Christ Church, Oxford, graduating in 1857.

Francis Baring, 3rd Baron Ashburton
Francis Baring, 3rd Baron Ashburton (20 May 1800 – 6 September 1868), was a British peer Whig and later Tory politician.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Mark Grant-Sturgis
Sir Mark Beresford Russell Grant- Sturgis KCB( born Sturgis; 10 July 1884 – 29 April 1949) was a British civil servant who served as Assistant Under- Secretary for Ireland. Grant- Sturgis was the son of Julian Sturgis and Mary Maude Beresford, daughter of Colonel Marcus Wylly de la Poer Beresford. Mary Beresford was descendant from William Wylly, the Chief Justice of St. Vincent in the early 19th Century, and Matilda Mathews, the daughter of American Loyalist David Mathews, the Loyalist Mayor of New York City during the American Revolutionary War and descendant of the Dutch American Schuyler family. He was educated at Eton College before becoming assistant private secretary to then chancellor of the exchequer, H. H. Asquith. From 1920 to 1922, he was assistant to the joint Under- Secretaries for Ireland, James Macmahon and Sir John Anderson. He subsequently became Presiding Special Commissioner of Income Tax. The 1923 New Year Honours saw him appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath. On 9 July 1914, he married Lady Ellen Rachel Montagu- Stuart- Wortley- Mackenzie, daughter of Francis Montagu- Stuart- Wortley- Mackenzie, 2nd Earl of Wharncliffe. They had two sons, Patrick John Russell( born 1915) and Robin Julian( born 1920), and a daughter, Pamela Rachael( born 1916). She married first, Allan Alexander Cameron, and secondly Hon. Simon Baring, son of Alexander Baring, 4th Baron Ashburton. In 1935, he assumed the additional name of Grant by royal licence. He died in London in 1949. His funeral was held at Golders Green Crematorium and attended by Prince Tomislav of Yugoslavia, representing his mother, Queen Maria, as well as several prominent government officials and aristocrats, including the Earl and Countess of Wharncliffe; Violet, Countess of Ypres; Lord Adam Gordon, Sir Neville Anderson, Sir Eric St John Bamford, and Sir Roderick Meiklejohn

Alexander Baring, 6th Baron Ashburton
Alexander Francis St Vincent Baring, 6th Baron Ashburton (7 April 1898 – 12 June 1991), was a British businessman and politician.

Thomas Scott (diver)
Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.