Ang Em (prince)
Ang Em( also spelled Ang Im;; 1794–1843) was a Cambodian prince. He was the fourth son of King Ang Eng. The Siamese king Rama I died in 1809. King Ang Chan II refused to attend his royal cremation. Instead, Ang Chan sent three Cambodian princes, including Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong, to attend the funeral. Ang Em was appointed Cambodian" Upraracha" by Rama II. The" Uprayorach" Ang Snguon ousted Ang Chan in 1811. After Vietnamese intervention, Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong fled to Bangkok. After the Lê Văn Khôi revolt broke out in Cochinchina, Chaophraya Bodindecha( Sing Sinhaseni) invaded Cambodia, aiming to put Ang Em on the throne. However, they were not supported by Cambodian. Siamese army had to withdraw from Cambodia in 1834. Ang Em was appointed the governor of Battambang in 1834 by Siamese. Siamese army occupied northwest provinces( Battambang, Siem Reap, Pursat and Kampong Svai), northwest provinces were rulered" de jure" by two Cambodian princes, Ang Em and Ang Duong. The Siamese hoped that the princes would be able to draw loyalty and support from Khmer nobles. Two princes were regarded as the most dangerous men by Vietnamese court; Trương Minh Giảng, the Vietnamese Governor- General of" Trấn Tây", tried to persuade them to go back to Cambodia. Actually it was a conspiracy designed by Giảng. In 1837, Duong was suspected of having links with Vietnamese, and deported to Bangkok. Two years later, Em and his followers secretly fled back to Cambodia, Em was under the illusion that he would be installed the new king, however, they were arrested by Vietnamese. Giảng suggested that they should be executed, but Minh Mạng rejected. Ang Em was deported Saigon then to Huế. Cambodia was annexed by Vietnam in 1840. Spurred by Queen Ang Mey's deposition, many Cambodian courtiers and their followers revolted against the Vietnamese rule. Siamese army entered Cambodia to install Ang Duong on the throne. Ang Em was released together with Ang Mey. In the next year, Trương Minh Giảng tried to put him on the throne as Vietnamese puppet king. Em and Mey came to Cambodia, they ordered Khmer rebels to surrender, but no one obeyed. Em died in Châu Đốc in 1843.

Ang Em (prince)
Ang Em( also spelled Ang Im;; 1794–1843) was a Cambodian prince. He was the fourth son of King Ang Eng. The Siamese king Rama I died in 1809. King Ang Chan II refused to attend his royal cremation. Instead, Ang Chan sent three Cambodian princes, including Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong, to attend the funeral. Ang Em was appointed Cambodian" Upraracha" by Rama II. The" Uprayorach" Ang Snguon ousted Ang Chan in 1811. After Vietnamese intervention, Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong fled to Bangkok. After the Lê Văn Khôi revolt broke out in Cochinchina, Chaophraya Bodindecha( Sing Sinhaseni) invaded Cambodia, aiming to put Ang Em on the throne. However, they were not supported by Cambodian. Siamese army had to withdraw from Cambodia in 1834. Ang Em was appointed the governor of Battambang in 1834 by Siamese. Siamese army occupied northwest provinces( Battambang, Siem Reap, Pursat and Kampong Svai), northwest provinces were rulered" de jure" by two Cambodian princes, Ang Em and Ang Duong. The Siamese hoped that the princes would be able to draw loyalty and support from Khmer nobles. Two princes were regarded as the most dangerous men by Vietnamese court; Trương Minh Giảng, the Vietnamese Governor- General of" Trấn Tây", tried to persuade them to go back to Cambodia. Actually it was a conspiracy designed by Giảng. In 1837, Duong was suspected of having links with Vietnamese, and deported to Bangkok. Two years later, Em and his followers secretly fled back to Cambodia, Em was under the illusion that he would be installed the new king, however, they were arrested by Vietnamese. Giảng suggested that they should be executed, but Minh Mạng rejected. Ang Em was deported Saigon then to Huế. Cambodia was annexed by Vietnam in 1840. Spurred by Queen Ang Mey's deposition, many Cambodian courtiers and their followers revolted against the Vietnamese rule. Siamese army entered Cambodia to install Ang Duong on the throne. Ang Em was released together with Ang Mey. In the next year, Trương Minh Giảng tried to put him on the throne as Vietnamese puppet king. Em and Mey came to Cambodia, they ordered Khmer rebels to surrender, but no one obeyed. Em died in Châu Đốc in 1843.

Gio Alvarez
Gio Alvarez( born November 18, 1976) is a Filipino actor in movies and television shows. He was an original member of" Ang TV", a youth- oriented variety show in the Philippines.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Ang Nan
Batom Reachea III (born Ang Nan; 1654–1691) was a Cambodian vice king (uparaja) during the Dark ages of Cambodia. He reigned from 1682 to 1689. Ang Nan was the grandson of vice king Outey. In 1674, with the help of the Ayutthaya Kingdom, Preah Keo II drove him out. Ang Nan fled to Thái Khang (present day Khánh Hòa Province of Vietnam), and sought help from Vietnamese Nguyễn lord. The Vietnamese army under Nguyễn Dương Lâm (阮楊林) and Nguyễn Đình Phái (阮廷派) invaded Cambodia, captured Prey Nokor (Saigon), then attacked Phnom Penh. Preah Keo II retreated into the forest and Ang Nan was crowned the vice king (uparaja) by the Vietnamese. Ang Nan occupied Prey Nokor, while king Chey Chettha IV occupied Longvek. Both of them paid tribute to Nguyễn lord every year. However, Ang Nan wanted to overthrow Chey Chettha IV. In 1682, he recruited refugees from Ming China whom had settled in Cambodia with Vietnamese immigrants, resumed fighting against Chey Chettha IV. In response, Kau Kan (Bassac, present day Sóc Trăng) and Preah Trapeang (Trà Vinh) were ceded to these Chinese adventures. In 1689, with the help of the Nguyễn lord, he made his last attempt to overthrow Chey Chettha IV. He died in Srey Santhor.

Chey Chettha IV
Chey Chettha IV( 1656–1725), born Ang Sor, was a Cambodian king during Dark ages of Cambodia( r. 1675–1695, 1696–1700, 1701–1702, 1705–1706). He was the second son of Barom Reachea V( or Barom Reachea VIII) and also a younger brother of Kaev Hua II. Vietnamese army attacked Phnom Penh, the king Kaev Hua II fled into forest. Ang Sor surrendered to Vietnamese. He was crowned the Cambodian king by Vietnamese, while Ang Nan( Padumaraja III) was crowned the vice king( uparaja). Chey Chettha IV occupied Longvek, Padumaraja III occupied Prey Nokor( Saigon). Both of them paid tribute to Vietnamese Nguyễn lord. In 1688, Dương Ngạn Địch, a Chinese adventurer and also a general of Nguyễn lord, was murdered by Hoàng Tiến( 黃進). Hoàng Tiến occupied Mỹ Tho and revolted against Nguyễn lord. Hoàng Tiến also attacked Cambodia. Using this excuse, Chey Chettha IV started to building fortifications and did not pay tribute to Nguyễn lord. In the same year the rebellion was put down, Chey Chettha had to pay tribute like before. Chey Chettha IV abdicated in favour of his son Outey I in 1695. In the next year Outey I died, Chey Chettha IV restored. Nguyễn Hữu Cảnh was sent to Saigon by Nguyễn lord to expand his southern territory. It violated Cambodia's advantages; Chey Chettha IV tried to drive them out, however, he was defeated. In 1700, Vietnamese army captured Phnom Penh. The vice king( uparaja) Ang Em( Barom Ramadhipati) surrendered to Vietnamese, and ascended the throne. Chey Chettha IV surrendered in the next year, he was allowed to restore. Chey Chettha IV abdicated in favour of his son Thommo Reachea III in 1702. Chey Chettha IV then married a daughter to the vice king Ang Em. But, Thommo Reachea III drove out Ang Em with the help of Ayutthaya Kingdom. Ang E m fled to Saigon, in there he was supported by Nguyễn lord. A Vietnamese army under Nguyễn Cửu Vân( 阮久雲) invaded Cambodia again. Thommo Reachea III fled to Ayutthaya Kingdom. Ang E m came back to Cambodia and lived in Longvek. Chey Chettha IV was installed as the king by Vietnamese. He abdicated in 1706, and Thommo Reachea III crowned the king again. With the help of Ayutthaya Kingdom, Thommo Reachea III came back to Cambodia, and captured Longvek in 1714. A Vietnamese army under Trần Thượng Xuyên and Nguyễn Cửu Phú( 阮久富) was sent to Cambodia to help Ang Em. They besieged Longvek. Chey Chettha IV and Thommo Reachea III were forced to flee to Ayutthaya Kingdom.

Ang Em
Kaev Hua III or Barom Reameathiptei  (1674–1731), born Ang Em, was a Cambodian king during Dark ages of Cambodia (r. 1700–1701, 1710–1722). Ang Em was a son of vice king Ang Nan. In 1700, a Vietnamese army under Nguyễn Hữu Cảnh invaded Cambodia, he was installed as the king by Vietnamese. In the next year, Chey Chettha IV surrendered, and was allowed to restore. Ang Em was deposed. Chey Chettha IV abdicated in favour of Thommo Reachea III in 1702. Chey Chettha IV married a daughter to Ang Em; this was a political marriage. However, Thommo Reachea III drove out Ang Em with the help of Ayutthaya Kingdom. Ang Em fled to Saigon in 1705, and sought help from Vietnamese Nguyễn lord. He came back to Longvek with Vietnamese army. In 1710, Ang Em ascended the throne. In 1714, Thommo Reachea III captured Longvek with the help of Ayutthaya Kingdom. Ang Em was in dangerous. A Vietnamese army under Trần Thượng Xuyên and Nguyễn Cửu Phú (阮久富) was sent to Cambodia to help Ang Em. Thommo Reachea III and Chey Chettha IV were defeated and fled to Ayutthaya Kingdom. In 1722, Ang Em abdicated in favour of his son Satha II.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

Ang Snguon (prince)
Ang Snguon( 1794 – 1822) was a Cambodian prince. He was the third son of King Ang Eng. The Siamese king Rama I died in 1809. King Ang Chan II refused to attend his royal cremation. Instead, Ang Chan sent three Cambodian princes, including Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong, to attend the funeral. Ang Snguon and Ang Em were appointed Cambodian" Uprayorach" Rama II's action obviously polarised the Cambodian court into pro-Siamese and pro-Vietnamese factions. After the envoy returned to Cambodia, Ang Chan had Phraya Chakri and Phraya Kalahom executed. Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong escaped from Oudong secretly with hundred followers, they fled to Pursat and sought aid from Siamese. In response, an Siamese army marched to Cambodia. The Cambodian defectors were placed in Battambang. With the help of Siamese army, Snguon demanded Ang Chan to granted three districts to him, but was rejected. Snguon's forces marched to seize Sambour, Kampong Chhnang and Oudong. When the news reached Phnom Penh, Ang Chan was taken to Saigon by Vietnamese. Ang Snguon was appointed the regent. Vietnam sent a large army to restore Ang Chan. When the news reached Bangkok, Rama II ordered Ang Snguon, Ang Em and Ang Duong to take their followers to Bangkok. Snguon died of illness in Bangkok in 1822.

Thommo Reachea III
Thommo Reachea III or Sri Dharmaraja III, Chey Chettha VI( 1690 – 1647), born Ang Tham, was a Cambodian king during Dark ages of Cambodia( r. 1702–1705, 1707–1714, 1736–1747). Ang Tham was a son of Chey Chettha IV. He ascended the throne in 1702. He came into conflict with the vice king( uparaja) Ang Em( Barom Ramadhipati), later, he drove out Ang Em with the help of Ayutthaya Kingdom. Ang E m fled to Saigon in 1705, and sought help from Vietnamese Nguyễn lord. Vietnamese army invaded Cambodia, Thommo Reachea III fled to Ayutthaya Kingdom. With the help of Ayutthaya Kingdom, he captured Longvek. The army of Ang Em was surrounded. A Vietnamese army under Trần Thượng Xuyên and Nguyễn Cửu Phú( 阮久富) was sent to Cambodia to help Ang Em. Thommo Reachea III and Chey Chettha IV were defeated and fled to Ayutthaya Kingdom. In 1736, Thommo Reachea III came back to Cambodia, and drove out the king Satha II.