Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Bruno Mars
Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known professionally as Bruno Mars, is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, and dancer. He is known for his stage performances, retro showmanship, and for performing in a wide range of musical styles, including Pop, R&B, funk, soul, reggae, hip hop, and rock. Mars is accompanied by his band, The Hooligans, who play a variety of instruments, such as electric guitar, bass, piano, keyboards, drums, and horns, and also serve as backup singers and dancers. Born and raised in Honolulu, Hawaii, Mars moved to Los Angeles in 2003 to pursue a musical career. After being dropped by Motown Records, Mars signed a recording contract with Atlantic Records in 2009. In the same year, he co-founded the production team The Smeezingtons, responsible for various successful singles for Mars himself and other artists. Mars rose to fame in 2010 with the release of the successful singles "Nothin' on You" by B.o.B and "Billionaire" by Travie McCoy, both of which featured his vocals on the hooks. His debut studio album "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010) spawned the international number-one singles "Just the Way You AreGrenade", and "The Lazy Song". The former won the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance. Mars' second album, "Unorthodox Jukebox" (2012), became his first number one album on the US "Billboard" 200 and won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album. Its singles "Locked Out of Heaven" and "When I Was Your Man", reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. In 2014, Mars collaborated with Mark Ronson on "Uptown Funk", which topped many music charts worldwide and won Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 2016 Grammy Awards. In 2016, Mars co-founded the production team Shampoo Press & Curl, who replaced The Smeezingtons on the composition of his third studio album, the R&B-focused, "24K Magic". The record received seven Grammy Awards, winning the major categories of Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year. The album also yielded the successful singles "24 K MagicThat's What I Like", and "Finesse". Mars has sold over 200 million singles and 26 million albums worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. He has released seven number-one singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100 since his career launched in 2010, attaining his first five faster than any male artist since Elvis Presley. As a songwriter, he was included in "Music Week" and "Billboard" magazine as one of the best songwriters of 2011 and 2013, respectively. Mars has received several awards and nominations, including 11 Grammy Awards, three Brit Awards, nine American Music Awards, 10 Soul Train Awards and holds three "Guinness World Records". He has appeared in "Time" magazine's list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2011 and "Forbes" magazine's lists of '30 under 30' in 2013, the world's most powerful celebrities in 2014, and Celebrity 100 in 2018 and 2019.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Around the Moon
Around the Moon( 1870), Jules Verne's sequel to" From the Earth to the Moon", is a science fiction novel which continues the trip to the Moon which was only partially described in the previous novel. It was later combined with" From the Earth to the Moon" to create" A Trip to the Moon and Around ItFrom the Earth to the Moon" and" Around the Moon" served as the basis for the film" A Trip to the Moon".

Talking to the Moon
"Talking to the Moon" is a song by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars from his debut studio album, "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" (2010). The song was first unveiled on Mars' debut extended play, "It's Better If You Don't Understand" (2010), as its last track. It was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Albert Winkler, and Jeff Bhasker, while production was handled by The Smeezingtons in collaboration with Bhasker. " Talking to the Moon" serves as the record's sixth track, and is R&B power ballad about a failed relationship, solitude, and sadness. Instrumentally, the track relies on drum percussion and piano. The song received mixed to positive reviews from critics who praised its slow pace and lyrics; however, it was criticized for its overwhelming production. The song was announced as a single only in Brazil, on April 12, 2011, through Warner Music Brasil, following its appearance on the soundtrack of the Brazilian telenovela "Insensato CoraçãoIrrational Heart") from 2011. As a result, the track charted on the Brasil Hot 100 Airplay, where it spent several weeks at number one, and on the "Billboard Brasil" Hot Pop & Popular. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song was performed many times during Mars' debut world tour, The Doo-Wops & Hooligans Tour (2010-2012), as the fourteenth track on its set list and during a show on the South American leg of the 24K Magic World Tour (2017-2018).

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.

Talking to the Dead
Talking to the Dead may refer to:

Talking to the Moon (disambiguation)
" Talking to the Moon" is a 2011 a song by Bruno Mars. Talking to the Moon may also refer to: