Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Frank Lloyd: Frank William George Lloyd (2 February 1886 – 10 August 1960) was a British-born American film director, actor, scriptwriter, and producer. He was among the founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, and was its president from 1934 to 1935.

Harry Wainwright (footballer): Harry Wainwright( born 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer.

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Thomas Scott (diver): Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.

Bill Smith (footballer, born 1897): William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.

An International Marriage: An International Marriage is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by George Broadhurst. The film stars Rita Jolivet, Marc Robbins, Elliott Dexter, Grace Carlyle, Olive White, and Courtenay Foote. The film was released on July 23, 1916, by Paramount Pictures.

Carl Haber: Carl Haber( born 1956) is an American filmmaker and professor of film. Haber has had a career as a writer, director and producer in independent film. An American who has spent a good part of his life out of America, and married to a European, he is also a professor of film courses and has recently founded the Rome International Film School.

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."