The Da Vinci Code (disambiguation): The Da Vinci Code is a novel by Dan Brown published in 2003. The Da Vinci Code may also refer to:

Inferno (2016 film): Inferno is a 2016 American mystery action thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp, loosely based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown. The film is the sequel to" The Da Vinci Code"( 2006) and" Angels& Demons"( 2009), and is the third and final installment in the" Robert Langdon" film series. It stars Tom Hanks, reprising his role as Robert Langdon, alongside Felicity Jones, Omar Sy, Sidse Babett Knudsen, Ben Foster, and Irrfan Khan. Filming began on April 27, 2015, in Venice, Italy, and wrapped on July 21, 2015, in Budapest. The film premiered in Florence on October 9, 2016, and was released in the United States on October 28, 2016, ten years after release of" The Da Vinci Code", in 2D and IMAX formats. The film received generally negative reviews from critics, but grossed$ 220 million against a production budget of$ 75 million.

List of The Da Vinci Code characters: This is a list of fictional characters from Dan Brown's" The Da Vinci Code" and the 2006 film based on it.

The Norman Rockwell Code: The Norman Rockwell Code is a 2006 parody of the widely popular movie," The Da Vinci Code". The plot is ridiculously exaggerated in an attempt to mock the" Da Vinci Code". The movie was listed on the June 2, 2006 issue of" Entertainment Weekly' s The Must List."

Forgotten (1933 film): Forgotten is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by Richard Thorpe.

The Da Vinci Code WebQuests: The Da Vinci Code" WebQuests( also called The Da Vinci Code" Challenges) are a series of web- based puzzles related to the bestselling 2003 novel" The Da Vinci Code", as well as the 2006 film. There have been several web quests, none of which directly related to any other. Probably the most well known is the game run by Google, though it was ultimately met with much more public criticism than the other various games.

Angels & Demons (film): Angels& Demons is a 2009 American mystery thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by Akiva Goldsman and David Koepp, based on Dan Brown's novel of the same title. It is the sequel to the 2006 film" The Da Vinci Code", also directed by Howard, and the second installment in the" Robert Langdon" film series. However, the novel version was published first and acts as a prequel to" The Da Vinci Code" novel. Filming took place in Rome, Italy, and the Sony Pictures Studios in Culver City, California. Tom Hanks reprises his role as Professor Robert Langdon, while Ayelet Zurer stars as Dr. Vittoria Vetra, a CERN scientist joining Langdon in the quest to recover a missing vial of antimatter from a mysterious Illuminati terrorist. Producer Brian Grazer, composer Hans Zimmer and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman also return, with David Koepp coming on board to help the latter. The film grossed$ 485 million worldwide and received mixed reviews from critics. A sequel, titled" Inferno", was released on October 28, 2016.

Pony Express (film): Pony Express is a 1953 American western film directed by Jerry Hopper and starring Charlton Heston as Buffalo Bill, Forrest Tucker as Wild Bill Hickok, Jan Sterling as a Calamity Jane- type character, and Rhonda Fleming that was filmed in Kanab, Utah. The story is largely based on the 1925 silent film" The Pony Express" and tells a completely imaginary account of the formation of the Pony Express rapid transcontinental mail delivery in the United States in 1860- 1861. The picture gives no credit to the real founders of the Pony Express. Buffalo Bill Cody did ride for them —he signed up when he was 15 years old.

The Da Vinci Treasure: The Da Vinci Treasure is a 2006 direct-to-video mystery film produced by American studio The Asylum, and directed by Peter Mervis. The film is considered to be a mockbuster of the film "The Da Vinci Code", and both films were released within the same month.

The Da Vinci Code (film): The Da Vinci Code is a 2006 American mystery thriller film, directed by Ron Howard and written by Akiva Goldsman, based on Dan Brown's 2003 best- selling novel of the same name. The first in the" Robert Langdon" film series, the film stars Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou, Sir Ian McKellen, Alfred Molina, Jürgen Prochnow, Jean Reno and Paul Bettany. In the movie, Robert Langdon, a professor of religious symbology from Harvard University, is the prime suspect in the grisly and unusual murder of Louvre curator Jacques Saunière. In the body, the police find a disconcerting cipher and start an investigation. A noted British Grail historian named Sir Leigh Teabing tells them that the actual Holy Grail is explicitly encoded in Leonardo da Vinci's wall painting," The Last Supper". Also searching for the Grail is a secret cabal within Opus Dei, an actual prelature of the Holy See, who wish to keep the true Grail a secret to prevent the destruction of Christianity. The film, like the book, was considered controversial. It was met with especially harsh criticism by the Catholic Church for the accusation that it is behind a two- thousand- year- old cover- up concerning what the Holy Grail really is and the concept that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were married and that the union produced a daughter, as well as its treatment of the organizations Priory of Sion and Opus Dei. Many members urged the laity to boycott the film. In the book, Dan Brown states that the Priory of Sion and" all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." The film grossed$ 224 million in its worldwide opening weekend and a total of$ 758 million worldwide, becoming the second- highest- grossing film of 2006. The film received generally negative reviews from critics. It was followed by two sequels," Angels& Demons"( 2009) and" Inferno"( 2016).