Newport Apartments
The Newport Apartments on Seventh Street in Devils Lake, North Dakota were built in 1929. They were designed in Bungalow/ Craftsman style by Devils Lake architect John Marshall. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It" represents the only known private commission by Devils Lake local architect, John Marshall, and is an excellent representative of the style."

Devils Lake Public Schools
Devils Lake Public Schools is a school district serving Devils Lake, North Dakota.

Whiskers Point Provincial Park
Whiskers Point Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada and is located beside McLeod Lake approximately 20 km south of the community of McLeod Lake.

Devils Lake High School
Devils Lake High School is a public high school located in Devils Lake, North Dakota. It is part of the Devils Lake Public Schools system. The athletic teams are known as the Firebirds. The principal is Ryan Hanson. In 2014, the school dress code was adjusted, prohibiting tight blue jeans, leggings, and jeggings.

Devils Lake (Michigan)
Devils Lake is the name of a few lakes in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Devils Lake Journal
The Devils Lake Journal is an American daily newspaper printed in Devils Lake, North Dakota. It is owned by Gannett. The" Journal" is the official newspaper of Ramsey County, North Dakota, and has a modest circulation in northeast North Dakota.

Devils Lake (North Dakota)
Devils Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of North Dakota. It is the largest natural body of water and the second- largest body of water in North Dakota after Lake Sakakawea. It can reach a level of before naturally flowing into the Sheyenne River via the Tolna Coulee. On June 27, 2011, it reached an unofficial historical high elevation of. The cities of Devils Lake, North Dakota and Minnewaukan, North Dakota take their name from the lake as does the Spirit Lake Reservation, which is located on the lake's southern shores.

McLeod Lake (Alberta)
McLeod Lake, formerly named Carson Lake, is a lake in central Alberta, Canada within Woodlands County. It is located north of Whitecourt, approximately east of Highway 32. Carson-Pegasus Provincial Park surrounds McLeod Lake and nearby Little McLeod Lake to the northeast.

Devils Lake station
Devils Lake is a train station in Devils Lake, North Dakota. It is served by Amtrak's" Empire Builder" train, which stops in six other North Dakota cities. The station was originally built in the early 1900s by the Great Northern Railway and has been a contributing property to the Devils Lake Commercial District, which has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1989, along with the Bangs- Wineman Block and the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse.

Devils Lake, North Dakota
Devils Lake is a city in Ramsey County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Ramsey County. The population was 7,141 at the 2010 census. It is named after the nearby body of water, Devils Lake. The first house in Devils Lake was built in 1882. It was surveyed in 1883 and named Creelsburg and later Creel City, after the surveyor, Heber M. Creel. In 1884 it was renamed Devils Lake. The local paper is the" Devils Lake Journal". Devils Lake Municipal Airport serves the city. Devils Lake is home to Lake Region State College and the North Dakota School for the Deaf.