Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Alfredo Ortiz
Alfredo Ortiz is an American musician, primarily a drummer and percussionist. He toured with the Beastie Boys as their drummer and percussionist from 1996 until their final show in 2009. He also appeared in their live concert film," Awesome; I Fuckin' Shot That!", and was featured in their Grammy Award- winning instrumental album," The Mix- Up". Alfredo has been the drummer for other artists such as Money Mark, New York group Morningwood, Los Angeles rockers Red Exiles, and Tito& Tarantula. Ortiz has worked with other bands and musicians including Money Mark, Kathleen Hanna, Los Lobos, The Offspring, Yeska, Ozomatli, BS 2000, Blackalicious, Los Villains, Tommy Guerrero, Mariachi El Bronx, Chromeo, Kelis, Sepultura, Gogol Bordello, Jack White, and Salvador Santana. Ortiz appears on Tenacious D's self titled album, released in 2001. From 2008- 2010, he toured with Tito& Tarantula. He has also played with former Mars Volta's bassist Eva Gardner in her band called Lyra. Ortiz appeared in the film" Along Came Polly" starring Ben Stiller and Jennifer Aniston in 2004. The original music used for that scene was written by Money Mark, and Fredo contributed his percussion to the recording as well. Ortiz's percussion, as well as a guest appearance, was featured in the 200th episode of, alongside Eric Bobo( Cypress Hill) and directed by the Academy Award- winning director of" The Exorcist", William Friedkin. In 2011, Ortiz founded his first solo project called Bongoloidz and completed the debut Bongoloidz album in early 2014. In 2012 he joined the electro- funk project Maximum Hedrum with DJ/ Producer Sam Spiegel and Derrick Green( of Sepultura).

Richard T. Jones
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor. Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010). He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.

Adam Yauch
Adam Nathaniel Yauch (pronounced ; August 5, 1964 – May 4, 2012) was an American rapper, bass player and filmmaker who was a founding member of the hip hop group Beastie Boys. He used the stage name MCA. Yauch founded Oscilloscope Laboratories, an independent film production and distribution company based in New York City. As a Buddhist, he was involved in the Tibetan independence movement and organized the Tibetan Freedom Concert. He died in 2012 from parotid cancer.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Lamman Rucker
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films " Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation. In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Awesome; I Fuckin' Shot That!
Awesome; I Fuckin' Shot That! (alternate title: Awesome; I... Shot That!) is a 2006 concert film of the Beastie Boys directed by Adam Yauch under the name Nathaniel Hörnblowér. It was created by giving camcorders to 50 audience members of a sold out concert at Madison Square Garden on October 9, 2004. The audience members were instructed to keep the cameras rolling at all times. For a low budget operation, all cameras were returned to the place of purchase for a refund. The film first screened on January 6, 2006 to the fans that shot the footage. Also that same month it was shown at the Sundance Film Festival. There was a one-night screening across the country on March 23, and the film was then given a general release on March 31, 2006. The DVD of the concert film was released on July 24, 2006 in the UK and July 25, 2006 in the US. During a promotional performance on the "Late Show with David Letterman", members of the audience were given camcorders to film the televised performance in a similar fashion to that of the film. The film also screened at South by Southwest, Wisconsin Film Festival, Dead Center Film Festival, Copenhagen Film Festival and Era New Horizons Film Festival in Poland. Cameo appearances during the show on and near the stage include Doug E. Fresh, formerly of Doug E. Fresh and the Get Fresh Crew, and DMC, of the rap group Run DMC. Ben Stiller and his wife Christine Taylor can be seen multiple times, even rapping along during "Sure Shot" in the film as members of the audience. They are also interviewed on film at the show's end. Donald Glover can also be seen as an audience member. David Cross plays Nathaniel Hörnblower.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.