San Clemente, Venice
The Church of San Clemente( Chiesa di San Clemente) is a church built in 1131 and located on San Clemente Island, in the Venetian Lagoon. The name is dedicated to Pope Clement I, who died as a martyr according to legend and who is patron of seamen.

Santi Apostoli, Florence
The Church of Santi Apostoli is a Romanesque- style, Roman Catholic church in the historic center of Florence, in the Tuscany region of Italy. It is among the oldest church buildings in Florence.

San Clemente, Venice
The Church of San Clemente( Chiesa di San Clemente) is a church built in 1131 and located on San Clemente Island, in the Venetian Lagoon. The name is dedicated to Pope Clement I, who died as a martyr according to legend and who is patron of seamen.

San Clemente, Brescia
The church of San Clemente is an ancient Roman Catholic church located near the Piazza del Foro, in central Brescia, region of Lombardy, Italy.

Santissimo Salvatore, Naples
The Santissimo Salvatore Church is a church in Naples, located in the historical centre of the Piscinola suburb.

Abbey of San Clemente al Volmano
San Clemente al Volmano, also known as the Abbey of San Clemente is a Romanesque- style, former- Benedictine church and monastery found in a rural site, on a hill above the Volmano River, in the frazione of Guardia Vomano of the town of Notaresco, in provincia di Teramo, Abruzzo, Italy.

San Clemente High School
San Clemente High School may refer to:

San Clemente High School (San Clemente, California)
San Clemente High School is a high school in southern Orange County, California, in the town of San Clemente. San Clemente High's attendance boundaries include the City of San Clemente and parts of Capistrano Beach and San Juan Capistrano. The school has approximately 3000 students.

Santi Apostoli, Naples
Santi Apostoli is a Baroque- style church in Naples, Italy. Legend holds that a church at the site was built atop a Temple of Mercury by Emperor Constantine. Restored by the Caracciolo Family, it was ceded in 1570 to the Theatine Order. By 1590, the adjacent cloister and monastery was designed by Francesco Grimaldi. In the early 17th century was reconstructed by Giacomo Conforti. In 1638, the work was continued by Bartolomeo Picchiatti. In the 19th century, the Theatine order was suppressed and the church turned over in administrations. An earthquake damaged the dome. The church now belongs to the Liceo Artistico Statale di Napoli. The counter- facade and ceiling panels were frescoed by Giovanni Lanfranco in the 1640s. The panels contain the following depictions: a" Martyrdom of Apostles Simone e Giuda"; a" Martyrdom of St Thomas Apostle"; a" Martyrdom of St Bartholomew"; a" Martyrdom of St Matthew"; a" Martyrdom of St John Evangelist"; a" Glory of the Apostles VirtueProphets Patriarchs", and finally the four" Evangelists" on the pendentives of the dome. The cupola has a large fresco depicting" Paradise"( 1684) by Giovanni Battista Benasca, who also painted the frescoes in the chapel of St Michael. This chapel has a painting by Marco da Siena The lunnettes in this chapel were painted by Giordano and Solimena. Over the main door is a painting of the Healing Pool by Viviani. The main altar was designed by Fuga. In the choir are five canvases by Solimena. The altar in the Filomarino Family Chapel at the right of the main altar, was designed( 1647) by Borromini. The chapel has mosaics made by Giovanni Battista Calandra and copied from paintings by Reni. The relief on the altar of the four evangelist symbols is by François Duquesnoy, and two marble lions are by Giuliano Finelli. The sacristy was built in 1626 using designs of Ferdinando Sanfelice. The crypt was frescoed by Belisario Corenzio.

San Clemente, Chile
San Clemente is a city and commune administered by the municipality of San Clemente, located in the Talca Province of Chile's Maule Region.