The Remains of Nothing
The Remains of Nothing is a 2004 Italian historical drama film directed by Antonietta De Lillo. It was screened out of competition at the 61st Venice International Film Festival. It won the David di Donatello Award for Best Costume Design( to Daniela Ciancio).

Zilch
Zilch means" nothing" or" zero". Zilch may also refer to:

Crimebuster
Crimebuster or crime busters or" variation", may refer to:

Crime Ring
Crime Ring or Crime ring may refer to:

Kom el-Dahab
Kom el- Dahab is the modern name for the ruins of a Roman town in Egypt. Today the remains of the town are located on an Island near Lake Manzala. The remains cover an area of about 16 hectare. The town is planned on a grid pattern with streets running west- east and south to north. In the southern part there is the main street running from west to east. At this street there are the remains of a big, most likely public building. Its function is unknown. It might have been a temple. In the northern part of the town are the remains of a theatre. Even further north are the remains of a storage building. The ancient name of the town is unknown. Kom el- Dahab is mainly known from surveys and from satellite images. It was never excavated.

1908 in organized crime
Organized crime in 1908 in the U.S.:

Crime in the Streets
Crime in the Streets is a 1956 film about juvenile delinquency, directed by Don Siegel and based on a television play written by Reginald Rose. The play first appeared on the Elgin Hour and was directed by Sidney Lumet. The film, starring James Whitmore and John Cassavetes, also featured actor Sal Mineo, who had previously appeared in "Rebel Without A Cause". From his role in "Crime in the Streets", Mineo earned a Hollywood nickname, "The Switchblade Kid." Malcolm Atterbury, Virginia Gregg and future director Mark Rydell had prominent roles. Siegel adapted the play to a film by expanding some sequences but keeping much of the same cast. His credited dialogue coach on the film was Sam Peckinpah.

The Remains of the Day (disambiguation)
The Remains of the Day is a 1989 novel by Japanese- born British writer Kazuo Ishiguro The Remains of the Day or Remains of the Day may also refer to:

Nothing (disambiguation)
Nothing is the concept of the absence of anything. Nothing or The Nothing may also refer to:

Something Out of Nothing
Something Out of Nothing may refer to: