List of Turkmenistan films
A list of films produced in Turkmenistan.

List of magicians in film
This article lists magician characters depicted on film, both real and fictional.

List of Japanese films of the 1970s
A list of films produced in Japan ordered by year in the 1970s. For an A – Z of films see.

Black Reel Award for Outstanding Independent Film
This page lists the winners and nominees for the Black Reel Award for Outstanding Independent Film. This award is presented to the directors of the film.

Koran Dunbar
Koran Dunbar is an American actor, director, screenwriter, and comedian. His recent work is" Greencastle", where Dunbar is the writer, director, and lead actor.

Joseph Lerner
Joseph Lerner is a Canadian composer and political analyst. His writings cover a diverse range of subjects.

Isle of Man Film
Isle of Man Film is a regional screen agency, part of Isle of Man Government ’s Department of Economic Development. They drive inward investment in relation to film and the creative industries. Since 1995 Isle of Man Film has built a worldwide reputation, having co-financed and co-produced over 100 feature film and television dramas which have all filmed on the Isle of Man. They are one of the busiest areas of film production in the British Isles. Isle of Man Film offers a package of services for film producers and production companies. Loans and equity investment, a wealth of natural locations, a talented crew base, experienced facilities and services companies, together with a film- friendly Government. Isle of Man Film commits funding support to micro-budget projects, under the banner of the Mannin Shorts scheme, an educational platform aimed at providing Isle of Man residents with the skills required to secure work in the Manx film industry. They provide numerous workshops throughout the year; including directing, cinematography, post- production, creative writing, acting and more. Isle of Man film is now using its experience in the film industry to work with the public – private partnership, Isle of Media, a new media business development not- for-profit agency to attract a wider range of digital media businesses to locate or relocate to the Isle of Man.

List of Uruguayan films
A list of films produced in Uruguay.

Greencastle (film)
Greencastle is a 2012 American drama film directed by, written by, and starring Koran Dunbar. The story follows Poitier Dunning, a single father who works as an Assistant Manager at a small town pet shop, as he enters a" quarter- life crisis" impelled by a recent tragedy. " Greencastle" intertwines lives of loneliness and disconnection, fatefully leading Poitier toward an unexpected and sublime awakening.

C-Man (film)
C- Man is a 1949 American quasi-semidocumentary crime film noir directed by Joseph Lerner featuring Dean Jagger, John Carradine, Lottie Elwen and Rene Paul. Gail Kubik based his Pulitzer Prize winning Symphony Concertante on his score for" C- Man".