Tlacaelel
Tlacaelel I (1397 – 1487) was the principal architect of the Aztec Triple Alliance and hence the Mexica (Aztec) empire. He was the son of Emperor Huitzilihuitl and Queen Cacamacihuatl, nephew of Emperor Itzcoatl, father of poet Macuilxochitzin, and brother of Emperors Chimalpopoca and Moctezuma I. During the reign of his uncle Itzcoatl, Tlacaelel was given the office of Tlacochcalcatl, but during the war against the Tepanecs in the late 1420s, he was promoted to first adviser to the ruler, a position called "Cihuacoatl" in Nahuatl, an office that Tlacaelel held during the reigns of four consecutive "Tlatoque", until his death in 1487. Tlacaelel recast or strengthened the concept of the Aztecs as a chosen people, elevated the tribal god/hero Huitzilopochtli to top of the pantheon of gods, and increased militarism. In tandem with this, Tlacaelel is said to have increased the level and prevalence of human sacrifice, particularly during a period of natural disasters that started in 1446 (according to Diego Durán). Durán also states that it was during the reign of Moctezuma I, as an invention of Tlacaelel that the flower wars, in which the Aztecs fought Tlaxcala and other Nahuan city-states, were instigated. To strengthen the Aztec nobility, he helped create and enforce sumptuary laws, prohibiting commoners from wearing certain adornments such as lip plugs, gold armbands, and cotton cloaks. He also instigated a policy of burning the books of conquered peoples with the aim of erasing all memories of a pre-Aztec past. When he dedicated the seventh reconstruction of the Templo Mayor in Tenochtitlan, Tlacaelel had brought his nation to the height of its power. The dedication took place in 1484 and was celebrated with the sacrifice of many war captives. After Tlacaelel's death in 1487, the Mexica Empire continued to expand north into the Gran Chichimeca and south toward the Maya lands.

Giuseppe Bonizzoni
Giuseppe Bonizzoni( 22 April 1908 – 21 July 1976) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a defender. He was the uncle of former footballer and manager Luigi Bonizzoni.

Christopher H. Clark
Christopher Henderson Clark (1767 – November 21, 1828) was a congressman and lawyer from Virginia. He was the brother of James Clark, the uncle of John Bullock Clark, Sr. and the great-uncle of John Bullock Clark, Jr..

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Tlilpotoncatzin
Tlilpotonqui or Tlilpotoncatzin (died in the year 11 Reed/1503) was the second "cihuacoatlpresident") of Mexico-Tenochtitlan. Tlilpotoncatzin was the second son of Tlacaelel and Maquiztzin. His father was a son of the second "tlatoaniruler" or "king") of Tenochtitlan, Huitzilihuitl. While Tlacaelel never became "tlatoani" himself, as "cihuacoatl" he played a significant role in the creation of the Aztec Empire. His mother was the daughter of Huehue Quetzalmacatzin, king of Itztlacozauhcan in Amaquemecan Chalco. Tlilpotoncatzin succeeded his father as "cihuacoatl" upon his death in the year 8 Reed (1487). According to the "Crónica mexicayotl" of Fernando Alvarado Tezozomoc, composed around 1598, Tlilpotoncatzin was a great, brave warrior. In battle he wore the "quetzalpatzactli", a crest of quetzal feathers. Tlilpotoncatzin took at least two wives, both from Amaquemecan: Xiuhtoztzin, the daughter of Yaopaintzin, "quauhtlatoani" of Tequanipan Huixtoco; and Quauhtlamiyahualtzin, a noblewoman from Acxotlan Cihuateopan. He fathered fourteen children, eleven males and three females. A son by Xiuhtoztzin, Miccacalcatl Tlatletecuintzin, was installed as the ruler of Tequanipan; and one of his daughters, Tzihuacxochitzin II, married Moctezuma II, and gave birth to Leonor Moctezuma and María Moctezuma. Tlilpotoncatzin died in the year 11 Reed (1503). He was succeeded by his nephew Tlacaelel II, the son of his elder brother Cacamatzin.

Hysen Hoxha
Hysen Efendi Hoxha( 1861–1934) was an Albanian politician, mayor of Gjirokastër, and the uncle of Enver Hoxha.

Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini
Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini (1571 – April 7, 1627) was an Italian Cardinal. He was the uncle of Pope Gregory XIV.

Ivan Novoseltsev
Ivan Petrovich Novoseltsev( born January 23, 1979) is a Russian former professional ice hockey winger. He is the uncle of Vladislav Namestnikov.

John Montgomery Glover
John Montgomery Glover( September 4, 1822 – November 15, 1891) was a North American politician, who served as a U.S. Representative from Missouri, he was the uncle of John Milton Glover.

Bradley Orr
Bradley James Orr( born 1 November 1982) is an English retired footballer. He is the uncle of Rangers defender Jon Flanagan.