Kekuʻiapoiwa II
Kekuʻiapoiwa II was a Hawaiian chiefess and the mother of the king Kamehameha I.

Clodia Pulchra (wife of Octavian)
Clodia Pulchra (born 57 BC/56 BC), also known as Claudia, was the daughter of Fulvia by her first husband Publius Clodius Pulcher. She was the stepdaughter of Mark Antony and half-sister of Marcus Antonius Antyllus and Iullus Antonius.

Lord Edmund Howard
Lord Edmund Howard( – 19 March 1539) was the third son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk, and his first wife, Elizabeth Tilney. His sister, Elizabeth, was the mother of Henry VIII's second wife, Anne Boleyn, and he was the father of the king's fifth wife, Catherine Howard. His first cousin, Margery Wentworth, was the mother of Henry's third wife, Jane Seymour.

Lomawa Ndwandwe
laNgolotsheni( Lomawa) Ndwandwe( died September 1938) was the Ndlovukati( Queen Mother) of Swaziland, the wife of King Ngwane V, and the mother of King Sobhuza II.

Caecilia Metella (daughter of Metellus Celer)
Caecilia Metella was daughter of Quintus Caecilius Metellus Celer and Clodia Pulchra. She was an infamous woman in Rome during the late Republic and a celebrity of sorts.

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

Marcus Pupienus Maximus
Marcus Pupienus Maximus( b. c. 140) was a Roman senator. He married Clodia Pulchra, born c. 145, daughter of Appius Claudius Pulcher and wife Sextia, and had a son, the Emperor Pupienus. The" Historia Augusta", whose testimony is not to be trusted unreservedly, claims he was a blacksmith.

Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi
Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi is the third wife of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the founder and inaugural president of United Arab Emirates, and late emir( ruler) of Abu Dhabi. She is referred to as the mother of sheikhs and as the Mother of the UAE.

Trinidad Tecson
Trinidad Perez Tecson (November 18, 1848 – January 28, 1928), known as the "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" and "Mother of Mercy", fought to gain Philippines independence. She was given the title "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" by Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo. She was also cited as the "Mother of the Philippine National Red Cross" for her service to her fellow Katipuneros.

Fulvia
Fulvia (c. 83 BC – 40 BC) was an aristocratic Roman woman who lived during the Late Roman Republic. She gained access to power through her marriage to three of the most promising men of her generation, Publius Clodius Pulcher, Gaius Scribonius Curio, and Mark Antony. All three husbands were politically active "populares", tribunes, and supporters of Julius Caesar. Though she is more famous for her involvement in Antony's career, many scholars believe that she was politically active with all of her husbands. Fulvia is remembered in the history of the late Roman Republic for her political ambition and activity. She is most famous for her activities during her third marriage and her involvement in the Perusine War of 41–40 BC. She was the first Roman non-mythological woman to appear on Roman coins.