Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily
Maria Cristina of Naples and Sicily (Maria Cristina Amelia Teresa; 17 January 1779 – 11 March 1849) was a Princess of Naples and Sicily and later Queen of Sardinia as wife of King Charles Felix.

Infanta Maria Cristina of Spain (1833–1902)
Maria Cristina, Infanta of Spain and Portugal (5 June 1833 – 19 January 1902) was a daughter of Infante Francisco de Paula of Spain and his wife Princess Luisa Carlotta of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. She became an "Infanta of Portugal" by her marriage to Infante Sebastian of Portugal and Spain.

Infanta María Teresa of Spain
Infanta Maria Teresa of Spain( 12 November 1882 in Madrid, Kingdom of Spain – 23 September 1912 in Madrid, Kingdom of Spain) was the second eldest child and daughter of Alfonso XII of Spain and his second wife Maria Christina of Austria. Maria Teresa was an Infanta of Spain and a member of the House of Bourbon by birth.

Irene Baker
Edith Irene Bailey Baker( November 17, 1901 – April 2, 1994) was an American politician and a United States Representative from Tennessee. She was the widow of Howard Baker Sr. and the stepmother of Howard Baker Jr.

Infante Francisco de Paula, Duke of Cádiz
Infante Francisco de Paula of Spain (10 March 1794 – 13 August 1865) was an Infante of Spain and the youngest son of Charles IV of Spain and Maria Luisa of Parma. He was a brother of Ferdinand VII, as well as the uncle and father-in-law of Isabella II. His education at the Spanish court was derailed by the Napoleonic intervention in Spain. The departure of the fourteen-year-old Infante to exile in May 1808 provoked a popular uprising that was violently suppressed by French troops. For the next ten years, Infante Francisco de Paula lived in exile with his parents, first in Marseille and later in Rome. Infante Francisco de Paula returned to Spain in 1818, being called by his eldest brother, King Ferdinand VII, who showered him with honors and privileges. Interested in artistic pursuits, Francisco was an amateur singer and painter. In 1819, he married his niece, Princess Luisa Carlotta of Naples and Sicily, the eldest daughter of his older sister Maria Isabella. The couple had eleven children and were very active in political affairs. Luisa Carlotta was instrumental in securing the succession for Ferdinand VII's daughter, Queen Isabella II. During the regency of Isabella II, Francisco was excluded from the government by his sister-in-law, Queen Maria Christina. Siding with the liberals, Francisco de Paula and his wife became active in the opposition and were forced to move to France in 1838. They returned to Spain under the government of Maria Christina's successor as regent, General Espartero. As they also conspired against Espartero, they were sent back into exile. The proclamation of Queen Isabella II's majority allowed them to return. The Infante and his wife centered their hopes on marrying their eldest son, Infante Francisco de Asis, to Queen Isabella II. Luisa Carlotta died in 1844, but, under pressure from French diplomacy, Queen Isabella II married Francisco de Asis in October 1846. As father-in-law to his niece the Queen, Infante Francisco de Paula occupied a prominent position at court during Isabella II's reign. However, as he tried to intervene in politics, he was briefly exiled once again in 1849. In 1852, with the Queen's approval, he contracted a morganatic marriage. He died twelve years later.

Infanta María Cristina of Spain
Infanta Maria Cristina of Spain, Countess Marone(" Doña María Cristina Teresa Alejandra María de Guadalupe María de la Concepción Ildefonsa Victoria Eugenia de Borbón y Battenberg"; 12 December 1911 – 23 December 1996) was the fifth child and younger daughter of Alfonso XIII of Spain and Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg and paternal aunt of King Juan Carlos I.

Maria Cristina of Savoy
Blessed Maria Cristina of Savoy (Maria Cristina Carlotta Giuseppa Gaetana Efisia; 14 November 1812 – 21 January 1836) was the first Queen consort of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies. She died as a result of childbirth.

Dorothy Granger
Dorothy Karolyn Granger( November 21, 1911 – January 4, 1995) was an American actress best known for her roles in short subject comedies in Hollywood. She was also the stepmother of film maker and former record producer Anthony J. Hilder.

Jane Wigham
Jane Wigham( née Smeal; 1801–1888) was a leading Scottish abolitionist. She was the stepmother of Eliza Wigham and the second wife of John Wigham.

Princess Maria Cristina of Savoy-Aosta
Maria Cristina of Savoy- Aosta( Maria Cristina Giusta Elena Giovanna; born 12 September 1933) is an Italian princess, member of the House of Savoy- Aosta by birth and of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies by marriage.