Gustav Lindau
Gustav Lindau( May 2, 1866 in Dessau – October 10, 1923 in Berlin), was a German mycologist and botanist.

Heyran Khanim
Heyran Khanim was an Azerbaijani poet who lived in the first half of the 19th century.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Nafija Sarajlić
Nafija Sarajlić ("née" Hadžikarić; 3 October 1893 – 15 January 1970) was the first female Bosnian Muslim prose writer, with 23 short stories published between 1912 and 1918. She married writer Šemsudin Sarajlić and had five children. Her hectic personal life prevented her from developing her short stories into full-length novels. Sarajlić abandoned her work and withdrew from public life following the sudden death of her eldest daughter Halida in 1918.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.