The Monster Squad
The Monster Squad is a 1987 American comedy horror film directed by Fred Dekker( who also wrote and directed" Night of the Creeps") and written by Shane Black and Dekker. Peter Hyams was one of the executive producers. It was released by TriStar Pictures on August 14, 1987. The film features the Universal Monsters( re-imagined by a team of special effects artists, including Stan Winston), led by Count Dracula. They, in turn, combat a group of savvy kids out to keep them from controlling the world. While not being a major success during its theatrical run and receiving mixed reviews from critics, the film has gained a positive reception from audiences and has become a cult classic in the years since its release.

Monster Tour
The Monster Tour may refer to:

Deadly Little Christmas
Deadly Little Christmas is a 2009 direct- to- video horror film directed by Novin Shakiba, and written by Jeremiah Campbell.

Monster Energy Cup
The Monster Energy Cup may refer to

The Monster and the Ape
The Monster and the Ape was the 26th serial released by Columbia Pictures and was released in 1945.

A Merry Little Christmas
A Merry Little Christmas may refer to:

Merry Little Christmas
" Merry Little Christmas" is the tenth episode of the third season of" House" and the fifty- sixth episode overall.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

En liten julsaga
En liten julsaga(" A Little Christmas story") is a 1999 Swedish children's film directed by Åsa Sjöström and Mari Marten- Bias Wahlgren.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.