The Forbidden Planet
The Forbidden Planet may refer to:

Big Business Girl
Big Business Girl is a 1931 pre-Code First National sound comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Loretta Young, then eighteen years old. It was released theatrically through First National's parent company Warner Bros. A copy is preserved at the Library of Congress. The film was released on VHS as part of the' Forbidden Hollywood' series by MGM/ UA Home Video.

SuperTex
SuperTex is a 2003 English- language Dutch film directed by Jan Schütte and starring Stephen Mangan, Jan Decleir, Maureen Lipman, and Victor Löw.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

The Forbidden Girl
The Forbidden Girl is a 2013 German horror film that was directed by Till Hastreiter. The film was released in Germany on 7 February 2013 and was released to video in the United States on 26 August 2014. It stars Peter Gadiot as a young man that finds himself fascinated by a woman who seems to be the mirror image of his former sweetheart, who was carted off by a demon six years ago.

The Forbidden Dance
The Forbidden Dance( also released as The Forbidden Dance is Lambada) is a 1990 drama film starring former Miss USA Laura Harring. Made to cash in on the Lambada dance craze by Menahem Golan's 21st Century Film Corporation, it opened on the same day( March 16, 1990) as a similarly themed film," Lambada", produced by Golan's former company Cannon Films and his cousin, Yoram Globus.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

The Forbidden Christ
The Forbidden Christ is a 1951 Italian drama film directed by Curzio Malaparte.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

The Forbidden Path
The Forbidden Path is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered lost.