Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar
Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar (born January 27, 1963 in Vijayapura, Karnataka) is a two-time National Award-winning Indian classical singer who is active mostly in Marathi, Konkani and Hindi film Industry; known for high-pitch singing and style, earned in Agra as well as Gwalior and Jaipur. Arati has been credited by audio cassettes and CD recordings. She was the main playback singer for the Sham Benegal's film, "Sardari Begum". She is known for her albums "Tejomay NadbrahmRaag-Rang", and, playback for the movies "AntarnaadDe dhakkaSavlee", and the hit "Sardari BegumEk Hazarachi Note". Her daughter Swanandi Tikekar who is in her mid-twenties dabbles in acting as well.

Devisingh Ransingh Shekhawat
Devisingh Ransingh Shekhawat is the former and first First Gentleman of India as the husband of Pratibha Patil.

Jon Leach
Jonathan Leach( born April 18, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is the husband of Lindsay Davenport.

Stan Marks
Stan Marks is an Australian writer and journalist. He is the husband of Holocaust survivor Eva Marks.

Peter Davis (sociologist)
Peter Byard Davis( born 25 April 1947) is a New Zealand sociologist, professor, and the husband of Helen Clark, who was the Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1999 to 2008.

James Randall Marsh
James Randall Marsh( 1896- 1965) was an American artist and the husband of Anne Steele Marsh.

Swanandi Tikekar
Swanandi Tikekar(born 13 November) in a Marathi actress. She is daughter of Uday Tikekar and Aarti Ankalikar. She pursued a masters in law from ILS College. She is well known for her role as Minal in Dil Dosti Duniyadari and Mukta in Dil Dosti Dobara. She was also seen in the plays "Ek Shoonya Teen" and "Don't Worry Be Happy."

Uday Tikekar
Uday Tikekar( Marathi: उदय टिकेकर) is an Indian film and television actor. He began his career in Marathi theatre, also putting up performances in Hindi theatre. He is married to classical singer Arati Ankalikar- Tikekar, who is a 2- time National Film Award winner.

Andrew Upton
Andrew Upton( born 1 February 1966) is an Australian playwright, screenwriter, and director. He is the husband of actress Cate Blanchett.

Stan Rice
Stan Rice( November 7, 1942 – December 9, 2002) was an American poet and artist. He was the husband of author Anne Rice.