PSM–Nationalist Agreement
The PSM – Nationalist Agreement( PSM – EN) is a democratic socialist, environmentalist and Catalan nationalist political party of the Balearic Isles, Spain. The PSM – EN is a federated party consisting of five constituent parties.

Johan Braeckman
Johan Braeckman( born 1965 in Wetteren) is a Flemish philosopher. He is professor in philosophy at the University of Ghent and University of Amsterdam, and an editor of the skeptical organisation SKEPP's magazine" Wonder en is gheen Wonder". His research, conducted along with a dozen doctoral and postdoctoral researchers, focuses on the philosophical problems associated with the life sciences, in particular the evolutionary theory and neuroscience.

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.

SKEPP
SKEPP is an independent Belgian skeptical organization. The organization’s name is a backronym for "Studiekring voor de Kritische Evaluatie van Pseudowetenschap en het ParanormaleStudy Circle for the Critical Evaluation of Pseudoscience and the Paranormal").

Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

Na Neve Theatre
The Children's Theatre" Na Neve"( en) is a theatre in Saint Petersburg. The theatre was opened in 1987.

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

Tim Trachet
Tim Trachet( born 1958) is a Belgian writer, publicist, journalist and skeptic. He studied mathematics, astronomy and philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and is a reporter at the VRT, where he produces history television documentaries. Since its foundation in 1976, he was active in the working group Prometheus of the Vereniging voor Sterrenkunde( Society for Astronomy), that focused on the critical investigation of pseudoscience. This working group resulted in the foundation of SKEPP, of which he became the first chairman from 1990 to 1998. At present he is honorary chairman and general secretary of SKEPP. In 1990s and sometimes thereafter, Trachet frequently wrote for" Skepter", the magazine of the Dutch skeptical organisation Stichting Skepsis. In 2000, its Flemish counterpart" Wonder en is gheen wonder" was founded, where he has since been member of the editorial staff and regularly publishes articles. Since 1988, he is also editorial board member of the popular science magazine" Zenit" for astronomy, meteorology and space research. Since 2013, Trachet is vice- chairman( previously as treasurer) in the board of directors of the European Council of Skeptical Organisations( ECSO), of which he was one of the founders in 1994. In the frame of the 100th anniversary of the First World War in 2014, Trachet wrote about a series of myths that still surround' The Great War'.

Wonder en is gheen Wonder
Wonder en is gheen Wonder ("Mystery is no Mystery") is a popular science magazine of the Flemish skeptical association SKEPP. The paper was founded in 2000 by Tom Schoepen, who also served as its editor for its first ten years. The magazine is published four times a year and addresses pseudoscientific as well as science philosophical topics. The title is a reference to the 16th century Flemish mathematician and engineer Simon Stevin's commentary to his famous thought experiment: even if something looks strange, it can still have a naturalistic explanation. The subtitle "Tijdschrift voor wetenschap en redeMagazine for science and reason") was taken from "Skeptical Inquirer", the most world-renowned skeptical magazine that is published by the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry. As of 2016, the editorial staff is composed as follows: