Yaya Soumahoro
Yaya Alfa Soumahoro (born 28 September 1989) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Having begun his career with Séwé Sports in his native country, he joined Thai club Muangthong United in 2008. His good performances earned him a move to K.A.A. Gent in 2010. He spent five and a half seasons with Gent but was plagued by recurring injuries throughout his time there. Following a half-season loan to Sint-Truidense V.V., he returned to Muangthong United where did not feature. In 2018, he joined Egyptian side Wadi Degla SC.

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.

Enzo Mari
Enzo Mari (born 1932) is a noted Italian modernist artist and furniture designer. He draws inspiration from the idealism of the arts and crafts movement, and his political views as a communist. Mari was born in Novara, Italy and he studied at the Brera Academy in Milan, Italy from 1952-1956 In the 1960s, published a series of books, including "The Apple and the Butterfly," a wordless book of paintings depicting the story of a caterpillar and an apple. In the 1970s, he founded the Nuova Tendenza art movement as a professor at Società Umanitaria, also in Milan. Also in that decade, he designed the Sof Sof chair and the "Box" chair. In 1974, Enzo Mari made the book Autoprogettazione, which deals around the DIY construction of furniture. In the 1980s, he designed the modernist Tonietta chair. Mari has taught at University of Parma (Parma), the Accademia Carrara (Carrara), Milan Polytechnic and ISIA (Florence), the Hochschule der Künste (Berlin), and the "Hochschule für angewandte Kunst" in Vienna. He has multiple works on display at the Museum of Modern Art (New York). He has had recent retrospective shows in Turin, Italy, and an important presentation of his work in "Adhocracy" show, during the first Istanbul Design Biennial.

Donnie Elbert
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.

Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

Michele Mari
Michele Mari (born 26 December 1955) is an Italian novelist, short story writer, academic critic and poet. The son of a Milanese industrial designer and artist, Enzo Mari, Mari teaches Italian literature at the Università Statale di Milano; he is considered one of the leading experts of 18th Century Italian literature.

John Korty
John Korty( born June 22, 1936) is an American film director and animator, best known for the television film" The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and the documentary" Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?", as well as the theatrical animated feature" Twice Upon a Time". He has won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature( for" Who Are the DeBolts?") and several other major awards. He is described by the film critic Leonard Maltin as" a principled filmmaker who has worked both outside and within the mainstream, attempting to find projects that support his humanistic beliefs".

Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.