Children Underground
Children Underground is an American 2001 documentary film directed by Edet Belzberg. In an effort to increase the Romanian work force, former communist leader Nicolae Ceaușescu outlawed contraception and abortion in 1966. Thousands of unwanted children were placed in state orphanages where they faced terrible conditions. With the fall of Communism, many children from the orphanages moved into the streets while others were runaways from impoverished families. Today there are 20,000 children living in the streets while the resources for sheltering these homeless youths are severely limited. " Children Underground" follows the story of five street children, aged eight to sixteen who live in a subway station in Bucharest, Romania. The street kids are encountered daily by commuting adults, who pass them by in the station as they starve, swindle, and steal, all while searching desperately for a fresh can of paint to get high with. Belzberg and her cameraman, Wolfgang Held, maintain their distance as the kids panhandle, fight and sleep on cardboard boxes, either on the train platforms or the public parks above ground, watching dispassionately as the youngsters inhale Aurolac, a noxious silver paint with intoxicating fumes, from plastic bags. In a slightly uplifting coda, Belzberg and crew return a year later to find that a police who swept off the Victoriei has dispersed the children. Some of them landed in state- funded homes, while others simply moved on to one of the many abandoned construction sites that dot the city. Belzberg steers away from any discussion of the rampant sexual exploitation of these young children or the fact that one of the biggest dangers they face are STDs, including AIDS, but the urban hell she presents is shattering enough. Homelessness is all too familiar to many inhabitants in the world's wealthiest cities, but rarely has the situation seemed so hopeless, or its victims so desperate. One of the children director Belzberg follows is Cristina Ionescu. At first, this child looked like a young man, but one later finds out that girls have to become tough and look boyish in order to survive. This is also very apparent with another child named, Violeta' Macarena' Rosu, who is also a girl. The nickname' Macarena' derives from the song" Macarena", her favorite. Three other children, Mihai Tudose, and brother and sister Ana and Marian, are also profiled. The film explores the lives of these children, who are shown fighting, abusing themselves, and becoming addicted to Aurolac. The filmmakers follow Mihai to his family's home in the town of Constanța. A similar scene films Ana and Marian as they visit their home, which is also outside Bucharest.

Shirin Farhad (1931 film)
Shirin Farhad is a 1931 Hindi language musical film. It was the second Indian film with sound. It was based on the love story from the" Shahnameh" of Farhad and Shirin by Nizami Ganjavi. The film was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Nissar and Jehanara Kajjan. " Alam Ara" was released earlier the same year and was the first Indian film with sound.

Anna-Liisa
Anna- Liisa is a 1922 Finnish silent film directed by Teuvo Puro and Jussi Snellman based on the eponymous play by Finnish writer Minna Canth.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo
May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo is a 1984 Philippine comedy film directed by, and produced by Hirene Lopez and Danny L. Zialcita as the film's executive producer. The film stars Gloria Diaz, Eddie Garcia, Amy Austria, and Tommy Abuel. The film was released in 1984 by Essex Films. Another related film called," May Daga sa Labas ng Lungga", was released earlier in the same year.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".