Rumbold of Mechelen
Saint Rumbold( or" RumoldRomuold") was an Irish or Scottish Christian missionary, although his true nationality is not known for certain. He was martyred near Mechelen by two men, whom he had denounced for their evil ways. Saint Rumbold's feast day is celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church, and Western Rite Orthodox Churches, on 24 June; and it is celebrated in Ireland on 3 July. He is the patron saint of Mechelen, where St. Rumbold's Cathedral possesses an elaborate golden shrine on its high altar, containing relics attributed to the saint. It is rumoured that his remains are buried inside the cathedral. Twenty- five paintings in the choir illustrate his life.

Myriam Fox-Jerusalmi
Myriam Fox-Jerusalmi (born 24 October 1961 in Marseilles) is a French slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1979 to 1996.

Baglan Mailybayev
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).

Noemie Fox
Noemie Fox (born 19 March 1997) is an Australian slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2013. She won two medals in the C1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 2019 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships and a silver in 2017 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships. Noemie comes from a canoe slalom family with her father being Richard Fox, her mother Myriam Fox-Jerusalmi, her aunt Rachel Crosbee and her older sister Jessica Fox.

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).

Khalid al-Habib
Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan. In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack. al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Roberto Savio
Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance. He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini. Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome. He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.

Rachel Crosbee
Rachel Norah Fox- Crosbee( born 6 May 1969 in Harpenden) is a British slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1988 to 2000. She won four medals in the K1 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a silver( 1995) and three bronzes( 1993, 1997, 1999). She also won a silver medal in the same event at the 1998 European Championships in Roudnice nad Labem. Crosbee also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning her best finish of 16th K1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. She is the younger sister of Richard Fox, sister- in- law of Myriam Fox- Jerusalmi and aunt to Jessica Fox and Noemie Fox, all slalom canoeists.

Nayelly Hernández
Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player. She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships. Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour. Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player. She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.