Keshar-e Bala: Keshar -e Bala( also Romanized as Keshār -e Bālā and Kashār -e Bālā; also known as Kashār -e ‘ Olyā, Kashar ‘ Olya, and Kishār Bāla) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,032, in 461 families.

Cwrt y Gollen: Cwrt y Gollen(" Hazel Court") was a British Army training base, 2 miles( 3 km) south- east of Crickhowell and just north of the A40 road and the River Usk, in southeastern Powys, Wales.

Homag-e Bala: Homag -e Bala( also Romanized as Homāg- e Bālā; also known as Homāk, Homāy, Homā- ye Bālā, Homay Olya, and Mīrū) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 202, in 68 families.

Musaabad-e Sofla: Musaabad -e Sofla( also Romanized as Mūsáābād -e Soflá) is a village in Rumiani Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. It lies north of both Padarvand- e Sofla and Padarvand -e Olya, and north- west of Musaabad -e Olya. At the 2006 census, its population was 492, in 102 families.

Jafarabad, Nahavand: Jafarabad( also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Ja‘farābād -e Bālā, Ja‘farābād -e ‘ Olya, and Ja’far Abad Olya) is a village in Solgi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 37 families.

Najafabad, Abadeh: Najafabad( also Romanized as Najafābād and Nejafābād; also known as Najafābād -e Pā’īn, Najaf Abad ‘ Olya, and Najaf Abad Sofla) is a village in Bidak Rural District, in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 29 families.

Gamizaj-e Olya: Gamizaj -e Olya( also Romanized as Gāmīzaj -e ‘ Olya and Gāmīzej -e ‘ Olyā; also known as Gāmizaj, Gāmīzaj -e Bālā, Gamīzej- e Bālā, and Garmizak) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 275, in 48 families.

Hajjiabad-e Kark: Hajjiabad -e Kark( also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād- e Kark; also known as Ḩājīābād, Haji Abad Olya, and Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Giyan Rural District, Giyan District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 231, in 57 families.

Shavon-e Olya: Shavon -e Olya( also Romanized as Shāvon- e ‘ Olyā; also known as Shadoon Olya and Shāvon -e Bālā) is a village in Ani Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 24 families.

Chapan-e Olya: Chapan -e Olya( also Romanized as Chāpān -e ‘ Olyā and Chāpān ‘ Olyá; also known as Chāpān and Chāpān -e Bālā) is a village in Emam Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 44 families.