Obata Toramori
He was the father of Obata Masamori.

Matsudaira Hirotada
He is best known for being the father of Tokugawa Ieyasu, founder of the Tokugawa Shogunate.

Nimlot A
Nimlot A was a" Great Chief of the Ma" during the late 21st Dynasty of ancient Egypt. He is mainly known for being the father of the founder of the 22nd Dynasty, pharaoh Shoshenq I.

Lars Eliasson
He is the father of the later Member of Parliament Anna Eliasson.

Themba Dlamini
Absalom Themba Dlamini( born 1 December 1950) was the Prime Minister of Swaziland from November 2003 to September 2008. He is the managing director of Tibiyo TakaNgwane.

Robert Mnuchin
Robert E. Mnuchin( born 1933) is an American art dealer and former banker. He is the founder of the Mnuchin Gallery at 45 East 78th Street, New York. He is the father of Steven Mnuchin, who is the United States Secretary of the Treasury in the Trump administration.

Karim Shah
Karim Shah was the founder of the" Pagal Panthis" order and the father of Tipu Shah.

Tibiyo TakaNgwane
Tibiyo TakaNgwane, meaning "wealth of the nation", is a Swazi sovereign wealth fund which was created through royal
charter under the reign of King Sobhuza II in 1968. The company is currently held by King Mswati III in trust for the Swazi nation and is separate from the government. It was formed by King Sobhuza II at independence in 1968 by Royal Charter to promote and encourage peace and stability, to preserve culture and tradition and to promote a high standard of living for the Swazi Nation through provision of employment. It has stakes in agriculture, property, a printing company, and it is the sole owner of the Swazi Observer. Tibiyo is a shareholder in many companies such as the Royal Swaziland Sugar Corporation (RSSC), Maloma Colliery Limited, Lubombo Sugar, Parmalat Swaziland, Simunye Plaza, Bhuna Mall, Swazi Spar Holdings, Swaziland Beverages, Alexander Forbes, Fincorp, Tibiyo Leisure Resorts trading as Royal Villas and many subsidiaries across the country. In 2009 a group of Swazi organisations called for Tibiyo TakaNgwane to be converted to a government department that would be open for public scrutiny.

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Sobhuza II
Sobhuza II, (also known as Nkhotfotjeni, Mona; 22 July 1899 – 21 August 1982) was the Paramount Chief and later King of Swaziland for 82 years and 254 days, the longest verifiable reign of any monarch in recorded history. Sobhuza was born on 22 July 1899 at Zombodze Royal Residence, the son of Inkhosikati Lomawa Ndwandwe and King Ngwane V. When he was only four months old, his father died suddenly while dancing incwala. Sobhuza was chosen king soon after that and his grandmother Labotsibeni and his uncle Prince Malunge led the Swazi nation until his maturity in 1921. Sobhuza led Swaziland through independence until his death in 1982. He was succeeded by Mswati III, his young son with Inkhosikati Ntfombi Tfwala, who was crowned in 1986.