O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Panda (Astro song)
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

(What Is) Love?
"( What Is) Love?" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. Originally entitled" What Is Love?", the song appeared on the soundtrack to" The Back- up Plan"( 2010), a film in which Lopez stars, version presented in Italy at the Sanremo Music Festival 2010. The song was later included on Lopez's seventh studio album" Love?"( 2011), as the album's title track. "( What Is) Love?" is a midtempo electropop song written by Diana" Wynter" Gordon, with the song's producer Emile" D' Mile" Dernst II. The song is about" not knowing what love is," according to Gordon. A remix of"( What Is) Love?", entitled" What Is Love? Part II", was produced by Jean- Baptiste. It was considered for inclusion on" Love?" and was leaked onto the internet in April 2013. The song was due to be released as a promotional single from" Love?" on April 26, 2011, but was" unlocked" and released on April 22, 2011 by Island Records through a campaign on Lopez's Facebook page. Upon its promotional release, the song debuted at number 97 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart and at 33 on the Productores de Música de España.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Slayer
Slayer was an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California. The band was formed in 1981 by guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman, drummer Dave Lombardo, and bassist and vocalist Tom Araya. Slayer's fast and aggressive musical style made them one of the founding "big four" bands of thrash metal, alongside Metallica, Megadeth and Anthrax. Slayer's final lineup comprised King, Araya, drummer Paul Bostaph and guitarist Gary Holt. Drummer Jon Dette was also a member of the band. In the original lineup, King, Hanneman and Araya contributed to the band's lyrics, and all of the band's music was written by King and Hanneman. The band's lyrics and album art, which cover topics such as murder, serial killers, torture, genocide, human experimentation, Satanism, hate crimes, terrorism, religion, antireligion, Nazism, racism, war and prison, have generated album bans, delays, lawsuits and criticism from religious groups and factions of the general public. However, its music has been highly influential, often being cited by many bands as an influence musically, visually and lyrically; the band's third album, "Reign in Blood" (1986), was described as one of the heaviest and most influential thrash metal albums. Slayer released twelve studio albums, two live albums, a box set, six music videos, two extended plays and a cover album. Four of the band's studio albums have received gold certification in the United States. The band has received five Grammy Award nominations, winning one in 2007 for the song "Eyes of the Insane" and one in 2008 for the song "Final Six", both of which were from the album "Christ Illusion" (2006). Between 1991 and 2013, the band sold five million albums in the United States. After more than three decades of recording and performing, Slayer announced in January 2018 that it would embark on its final world tour, which began that May and ended in November 2019, and the band subsequently disbanded.

Another Girl
" Another Girl" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1965 album" Help!" and included in the film of the same name. The song was written by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon – McCartney. The song is addressed to the singer's girlfriend, who is informed that the singer has found" another girl."

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

The Singer
The Singer may refer to:

Jihad (song)
"Jihad" is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer which appears on the band's 2006 studio album "Christ Illusion". The song portrays the imagined viewpoint of a terrorist who has participated in the September 11, 2001 attacks, concluding with spoken lyrics taken from words left behind by Mohamed Atta; Atta was named by the FBI as the "head suicide terrorist" of the first plane to crash into the World Trade Center. "Jihad" was primarily written by guitarist Jeff Hanneman; the lyrics were co-authored with vocalist Tom Araya. "Jihad" received a mixed reception in the music press, and reviews generally focused on the lyrics' controversial subject matter. The song drew comparisons to Slayer's 1986 track "Angel of Death"—also penned by Hanneman—which similarly caused outrage at the time of its release. Joseph Dias of the Mumbai Christian group "Catholic Secular Forum" expressed concern over "Jihad"'s lyrics, and contributed to "Christ Illusion"'s recall by EMI India, who to date have no plans for a reissue in that country. ABC-TV's Broadcast Standards and Practices Department censored the song during Slayer's first US network television appearance on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" on January 19, 2007. Only the opening minute was broadcast over the show's credits, thus omitting 40% of the lyrics.