Yunus Parvez
Yunus Parvez( c.1931 – 11 February 2007) was a Bollywood character actor who played supporting roles in over 200 films from the late 1960s to the 2000s. He is best known for his roles in films like" Garm Hava"( 1974)," Deewaar"( 1975)," Trishul"( 1978) and" Mr. India"( 1987). His last film role was in Shaad Ali's hit film" Bunty Aur Babli"( 2005). He died on 11 February 2007 at the age of 75 at his home on Mira Road, Mumbai. He was survived by his wife and two children. He had been suffering from acute diabetes and was to be taken to a specialty hospital for treatment on the same day he died, according to his family.

Bhale Dongalu
Bhale Dongalu is a 2008 Telugu film, produced by Sakhamuri Panduranga Rao and Bellamkonda Suresh on Sri Lakshmi Devi Productions banner and directed by K. Vijaya Bhaskar. Starring Tarun, Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles, Jagapati Babu in a prominent role and music composed by K. M. Radha Krishnan. The film recorded as" Average" at box office. It is a re-make of Bollywood film" Bunty aur Babli" starring Amitabh Bachchan Abhishek Bachchan, Rani Mukerji in the pivotal roles. The film ’s audio was released in March first week and the film was released towards the end of March. A Tamil version name is" Thirudi Thirudan".

Devashish Makhija
Devashish Makhija is an Indian filmmaker, screenwriter, graphic artist, fiction writer and poet, best known for writing and directing full-length feature films Ajji, Oonga and authoring the bestselling children's books When Ali became Bajrangbali and Why Paploo was Perplexed, and a series of 49 short stories published as the anthology Forgetting by HarperCollins. He has also worked on the films Black Friday and Bunty Aur Babli.

Bunty Aur Babli
Bunty Aur Babli  is an Indian 2005 Hindi-language crime romantic comedy film directed by Shaad Ali. It is written and produced by Aditya Chopra under the banner Yash Raj Films. The film stars Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan and Rani Mukerji. It marked the first film of the father-son duo of Amitabh-Abhishek. Made on a budget of around , "Bunty Aur Babli" was the second highest-grossing Hindi film of 2005 behind "No Entry", and acculumated a worldwide total of . Aishwarya Rai appeared in the popular item song "Kajra Re". The film was nominated in eight categories at the 51st Filmfare Awards, winning three of them for its music.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Shaad Ali
Shaad Ali Sehgal is an Indian film director. Ali was born to Muzaffar Ali and Subhashini Ali née Sehgal, an Indian politician and member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). He is thus the grandson of Azad Hind Fauj commander Lakshmi Sehgal. He studied at the Welham Boys' School and the Lawrence School, Sanawar.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Aki Narula
Aki Narula( born 1968) is an Indian fashion designer and costume designer and wardrobe stylist in Hindi films, who is most known for films like," Bunty Aur Babli"( 2006)," Jhoom Barabar Jhoom"( 2007) and" Dostana"( 2008). His brand label" AKI" was launched in 1996.

Bunty Aur Babli 2
Bunty Aur Babli 2 is an upcoming Indian Hindi- language crime comedy film directed by Varun V. Sharma and produced by Aditya Chopra under his banner Yash Raj Films. The film stars Saif Ali Khan, Rani Mukerji, Siddhant Chaturvedi and Sharvari Wagh. A sequel to 2005 crime comedy" Bunty Aur Babli", the film will be set 10 years after the events of the first film. It was officially announced on 17 December 2019 by Yash Raj Films on social media.