Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Swamp Thing (film)
Swamp Thing is a 1982 American Technicolor superhero film written and directed by Wes Craven, based on the Vertigo/ DC Comics character of the same name created by Len Wein and Bernie Wrightson. It tells the story of scientist Alec Holland( Ray Wise) who becomes transformed into the monster the Swamp Thing( Dick Durock) through laboratory sabotage orchestrated by the evil Anton Arcane( Louis Jourdan). Later, he helps a woman named Alice Cable( Adrienne Barbeau) and battles the man responsible for it all, the ruthless Arcane. It was followed by a sequel," The Return of Swamp Thing", in 1989.

Dick Durock
Richard Durock (January 18, 1937 – September 17, 2009) was an American actor and stuntman who appeared in over eighty films and over seven hundred television episodes. He was perhaps best known for playing Swamp Thing in both the feature films "Swamp Thing" and "The Return of Swamp Thing" and the .

The Return of Bulldog Drummond
The Return of Bulldog Drummond is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Walter Summers and starring Ralph Richardson, Ann Todd and Claud Allister. It was based on the 1932 novel" The Return of Bulldog Drummond" by H.C. McNeile.

The Return of Jack Slade
The Return of Jack Slade is a 1955 American western film directed by Harold D. Schuster.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

The Return of Swamp Thing
The Return of Swamp Thing is a 1989 American superhero film based on the Vertigo/DC Comics character of the same name. Directed by Jim Wynorski, it is a sequel to the 1982 film "Swamp Thing", having a lighter tone than its predecessor. The film has a main title montage that consists of comic book covers set to Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Born on the Bayou", and features Dick Durock and Louis Jourdan reprising their roles as the Swamp Thing and Anton Arcane, respectively, along with Sarah Douglas and Heather Locklear.

Édouard Niermans (director)
Édouard Niermans( born 10 November 1943) is a French film director, screenwriter and actor. His film" The Return of Casanova" was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.

Jim Wynorski
Jim Wynorski (born August 14, 1950 in Glen Cove, Long Island, New York) is an American screenwriter, director, and producer. Wynorski has been making B-movies and exploitation movies since the early 1980s, and has directed over 150 feature films. His earliest films were released to movie theaters, but his later works have predominantly been released to cable or the straight-to-video market. He often works under pseudonyms such as "Jay Andrews,Arch Stanton,H.R. Blueberry,Tom Popatopolis," and "Noble Henry." His movies often spoof horror films: "Cleavagefield", for example, parodies "CloverfieldThe Bare Wench Project" parodies "The Blair Witch Project", and "Para-Knockers Activity" parodies "Paranormal Activity". A character in the film "The Final Destination" is named after him. In 2009, the documentary "Popatopolis", directed by Clay Westervelt and named for one of Wynorski's pseudonyms, chronicled Wynorski during the making of his soft-core horror film, "The Witches of Breastwick". The film serves as a partial biography, with clips from many of his previous films and includes interviews with Wynorski, his contemporaries, cast, and crew. In 2016, he directed "Nessie & Me", marking the first time that he directed a children's film. The character Jack O’Grady directly references Wynorski's earlier films "Dinocroc vs. Supergator" and "Piranhaconda" when he encounters Nessie at the start of the film, hinting that "Nessie & Me" is canon to those film series, as well as "Monster Cruise", with many characters from it appearing in "Nessie & Me" as well.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.