Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Peder Per Veggum
Peder Per Veggum( 11 April 1768 – 15 April 1836) was a Norwegian artist associated with the decorative folk art of Rosemaling. He was primarily known as a skilled and prolific rose painter(" norsk rosemaler"), but he was also a cabinet carpenter and woodcarver. Veggum was born at Nord- Fron in Oppland, Norway. He was the son of Ole Olsen Leine( 1726- 1801) and Lisbet Nilsdatter Bjorge( 1736- 1813). He grew up in Vågå and apprenticed at Roros in Sør-Trøndelag. From 1797 he settled at Sel in the traditional region of Gudbrandsdal, where he practiced cabinetmaking, wood carvings and floral paintings. He made and decorated cabinets, pantry, chests, and boxes.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Piero Campelli
Piero Campelli( 20 December 1893 – 20 October 1946) was an Italian amateur footballer who played as a goalkeeper. At club level, he played for Inter, while he competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and the 1920 Summer Olympics with the Italy national football team.

Maestro Piero
Maestro Piero( Magister Piero or Piero)( b. before 1300, d. shortly after 1350) was an Italian composer of the late medieval era. He was one of the first composers of the Trecento who is known by name, and probably one of the oldest. He is mainly known for his madrigals.

Per Gram
Peder" Per" Gram( 11 September 1910 – 12 March 1984) was a Norwegian barrister. His main contributions came within maritime law, as chief executive officer of the Nordisk Defence Club.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Pietro Aron
Pietro Aron, also known as Pietro( or Piero) Aaron( ca. 1480 – after 1545), was an Italian music theorist and composer. He was born in Florence and probably died in Bergamo( other sources state Florence or Venice).