Road Tasted
Road Tasted is a television program shown on Food Network in the USA. The show was originally hosted by Jamie Deen and Bobby Deen, the sons of the popular Food Network host Paula Deen, as they drove around the United States searching for the best in family-run food businesses. It premiered on July 11, 2006. "Road Tasted" was created by Gordon Elliott, a long-time friend of Paula Deen. One of the show's primary appeals is that the businesses featured on the show can ship many of their products directly to customers. As such, the program always includes information about how to order the items shown. Before Food Network settled on Road Tasted, the show had the working title "Two for the Road". The Deen brothers eventually decided that they wanted to devote more time to their family restaurant, and thus did not continue as hosts. The show has since been renamed "Road Tasted with the Neelys" featuring the Food Network hosts Pat and Gina Neely.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Gordon Elliott
Gordon Elliott (born 30 September 1956) is a British Australian journalist and producer, radio and television personality, based now in the United States. He was the executive producer of ABC's former daytime cooking related talk show "The Chew", and had his own eponymous TV talk show program, between 1994 and 1997 "The Gordon Elliott Show" and "Door Knock Dinners".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Jamie Deen
James Linton Deen Jr.( born June 29, 1967) is an American cook, restaurateur, and TV personality. He is the first and oldest son of culinary celebrity Paula Deen. with his younger brother, Bobby, he runs her restaurant, The Lady& Sons, in Savannah, Georgia. Deen also frequently appears on his mother's show," Paula's Home Cooking". He and his brother had their own program," Road Tasted", starting on July 11, 2006. The Deen brothers eventually decided that they wanted to devote more time to their family restaurant, and thus did not continue on as hosts of" Road Tasted." The original show has since changed to" Road Tasted with the Neelys" featuring the Food Network hosts Pat and Gina Neely. He married Brooke Terry Deen on March 5, 2005. Together they have two sons: Jack Linton Deen, born August 21, 2006, and Matthew James Deen, born May 18, 2011. On June 16, 2012 Deen's new show" Home for Dinner with Jamie Deen" premieres on The Food Network. It airs Wednesday mornings at 10:30. The Food Network promotes that he will give viewers delicious reasons to stay home for dinner. Deen will be in the kitchen with everyone from his mother Paula Deen to his young son, Jack. The show claims it will prove that cooking truly is a family affair for the Deen family.

Elizabeth Harrin
Elizabeth Harrin is the creator of" A Girl ’s Guide to Project Management", which she started in 2006.

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".