Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Ahmadabad, Jam
Ahmadabad( also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 14 families.

Centenary Gentlemen football
The Centenary Gentlemen football team represented the Centenary College of Louisiana. The school's teams were known as the Gentlemen or' Gents'. They have not competed in football since 1941. It last competed as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Cham Darreh
Cham Darreh is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 34 families.

Berlin Sonnenallee station
Sonnenallee is a railway station in the Neukölln district of Berlin. It is served by the S- Bahn lines and and is located at the southeastern end of the major street of the same name, about which a film was produced in 1999.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

À bientôt, j'espère
À bientôt, j'espère( literally translates as" Until soon, I hope") is a 1968 French documentary film directed by Chris Marker and Mario Marret. It tells the story of a strike action at the Rhodiaceta textile factory in Besançon in March 1967. The film was shot in black and white, with photography by Pierre Lhomme.

Cham-e Berkeh
Cham -e Berkeh is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 6 families.

Gents in a Jam
Gents in a Jam is a 1952 short subject directed by Edward Bernds starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges( Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard). It is the 141st entry in the series released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 shorts for the studio between 1934 and 1959.