Simhaasanam (1979 film)
Simhaasanam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam- language film, directed by Sreekumaran Thampi, starring Madhu and Lakshmi in the lead roles.

Gamanam
Gamanam is a 1994 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sree prakash, starring Thilakan and Lakshmi in the lead roles.

Sritej
Shritej is an Indian Telugu actor who acted in many Telugu films. He came into limelight with the movie" Lakshmi's NTR" directed by Ram Gopal Varma. He was also cast in Nandamuri Balakrishna's and, which is also a biopic on NTR. He played the role of Andhra Pradesh CM, Nara Chandrababu Naidu in" Lakshmi's NTR". He played the role of Devineni Nehru in the Film Vangaveeti. He played late Y.S Raja Shekar Reddy, former CM of Andhra Pradesh role in and. In an Interview, he said NTR, Chiranjeevi and RaviTeja are his inspiration.

Jeevanadi
Jeevanadi is a 1970 Indian Tamil- language film directed by A. K. Subramanian. The film features Ravichandran and Lakshmi in the lead roles.

Lakshmi's NTR
Lakshmi's NTR is an Indian Telugu language biographical drama film based on the life of former film actor and chief minister of undivided Andhra Pradesh, N. T. Rama Rao from the perspective of his second wife, Lakshmi Parvati as well as N. T. Rama Rao during his last days. It is co-directed by Ram Gopal Varma, and Agasthya Manju. It is produced by Rakesh Reddy.

Ram Gopal Varma
Ram Gopal Varma is an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer, known for his works in Telugu cinema, Bollywood, and television. Varma directed films across multiple genres, including parallel cinema and docudrama noted for their gritty realism, technical finesse, and craft. Regarded as one of the pioneers of new age Indian cinema, Varma garnered the National Film Award for scripting the political crime drama," Shool"( 1999). In 2004, he was featured in the BBC World series" Bollywood Bosses". In 2006, Grady Hendrix of Film Comment, published by the Film Society of Lincoln Center cited Varma as" Bombay ’s Most Successful Maverick" for his works on experimental films. Varma is known for presenting the Indian Political Trilogy, and the Indian Gangster Trilogy; film critic Rajeev Masand had labeled the series as one of the" most influential movies of Hindi cinema. The first installment of the trilogy," Satya", was also listed in CNN- IBN's 100 greatest Indian films of all time. Varma's recent avant- garde works include hits such as the dramatized re-enactment of" Rayalaseema factionism" in" Rakta Charitra"( 2010), the" 2008 Mumbai attacks" in" The Attacks of 26/11"( 2013), the" Operation Cocoon" in" Killing Veerappan"( 2016), and the" Vijayawada riots" in" Vangaveeti"( 2016). Starting his career as a civil engineer, he made an entry into Telugu cinema with the path- breaking crime thriller," Siva"( 1989) screened at the 13th International Film Festival of India, and has garnered Varma, the state Nandi Awards for Best direction, Best first film of a director, and the Filmfare Award for Best Film – Telugu. Subsequently, the film was included in CNN- IBN's list of 100 greatest Indian films of all time. Varma's next movie" Kshana Kshanam"( 1991) was screened at the Ann Arbor Film Festival. The sleeper hit won him another Nandi Award for Best Direction, and the Nandi Award for Best Screenplay Writer. The 1993 political drama," Gaayam" received six state Nandi Awards. In 1999, he directed" Prema Katha" for which he received his third Nandi Award for Best Director.

Matt Corboy
Matt Corboy( born June 4, 1973) is an American actor. He has appeared in both films and television series.

Kerala Police (film)
Kerala Police is a 2008 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Chandrasekharan, starring Kalabhavan Mani and Lakshmi Sharma in the lead roles.

Kalloori Vaasal
Kalloori Vaasal is a 1996 Indian Tamil- language romantic comedy film directed by Pavithran The film featured Ajith Kumar, Prashanth, Devayani and Pooja Bhatt in the lead roles.

Pavithran (Tamil film director)
Pavithran is an Indian film director, who has given many hit Tamil films. He was active primarily in the 1990s collaborating in ventures which often included Sarathkumar in pivotal roles.