Mysterious Mr. Moto: Mysterious Mr. Moto, produced in 1938 by Twentieth Century Fox, is the fifth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. The film is based on the character of Mr. Moto created by John P. Marquand, from an original screenplay by Philip MacDonald and Norman Foster. It was originally known as" Mysterious Mr. Moto of Devil's Island."

Iva Stewart: Iva Stewart( 1914–1985) was an American model and film actress. She was Miss Maine, and competed in Miss America 1933. She moved to Hollywood where she had a mixture of supporting roles and more minor appearances in glamorous roles in studio films. Amongst her appearances was in the 20th Century Fox series film" Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation".

Mr. Moto's Gamble: Mr. Moto's Gamble is the third film in the Mr. Moto series starring Peter Lorre as the title character. It is best remembered for originating as a movie in the Charlie Chan series and being changed to a Mr Moto entry at the last minute.

Mr. Moto's Last Warning: Mr. Moto ’s Last Warning is the sixth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. The film is an original story featuring the character created by John P. Marquand.

The Return of Mr. Moto: The Return of Mr. Moto( also known as Mr Moto and the Persian Oil Case) is a 1965 British crime film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Henry Silva, Terence Longdon, and Suzanne Lloyd.

Thank You, Mr. Moto (film): Thank You, Mr. Moto is a 1937 film directed by Norman Foster. It is the second in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto. It was based on the novel of the same name by the detective's creator, John P. Marquand. Mr. Moto battles murderous treasure hunters for priceless ancient scrolls which reveal the location of the long- lost tomb of Genghis Khan.

Mr. Moto Takes a Chance: Mr. Moto Takes a Chance is the fourth in a series of eight films starring Peter Lorre as Mr. Moto, although it was the second one actually filmed, following "Think Fast, Mr. Moto". Its release was delayed until after production of "Thank You, Mr. Moto" and "Mr Moto's Gamble". The film is based on the character of Mr. Moto created by John P. Marquand, and an original story by Norman Foster and Willis Cooper.

Think Fast, Mr. Moto: Think Fast, Mr. Moto is a 1937 film directed by Norman Foster and featuring a mysterious Japanese detective named Mr. Moto. It is the first of eight films in the Mr. Moto series, all based on the character Mr. Moto created by John P. Marquand. The film stars Peter Lorre as the title character, Virginia Field, Thomas Beck and Sig Ruman. Mr. Moto works to stop a secret smuggling operation.

Norman Foster (director): Norman Foster (born Norman Foster Hoeffer, December 13, 1903 – July 7, 1976) was an American actor, film director and screenwriter. He directed many Charlie Chan and Mr. Moto films as well as projects for Orson Welles and Walt Disney. As an actor he was a leading man in early talkies and also appeared in Welles’ final film "The Other Side of the Wind".

Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation: Mr Moto Takes A Vacation( 1939) is a Norman Foster- directed entry in the Mr. Moto film series, with Lionel Atwill and Joseph Schildkraut and G. P. Huntley, as Archie Featherstone, in supporting roles. This was the last Mr. Moto film that Peter Lorre appeared in. The movie was the seventh filmed in the series. However it was not released until after" Mr. Moto in Danger Island", which was the last filmed out of eight Mr. Moto films from 20th Century Fox.