A. H. Heisey
Augustus Henry Heisey (1842 – February 13, 1922) was an American industrialist, soldier, and glass maker.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

William H. Seward Jr.
William Henry Seward Jr.( June 18, 1839 – April 29, 1920) was an American banker and brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was the youngest son of William Henry Seward Sr., the United States Secretary of State under Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson.

Augustus Henry Seward
Augustus Henry Seward (October 1, 1826 – September 11, 1876) was the son of William H. Seward and Frances Adeline Seward. He was a career officer in the United States Army, and attained the rank of brevet Colonel.

Publius Vitellius the Elder
__NoToC__ Publius Vitellius, grandfather of the emperor Vitellius, was a Roman eques who lived during the time of Augustus. He was a procurator in the time of Augustus.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Frances Adeline Seward
Frances Adeline Miller Seward (September 25, 1805 – June 21, 1865) was the First Lady of New York and the wife of William Henry Seward, a senator in the New York legislature, Governor of New York, a senator from New York and United States Secretary of State under President Abraham Lincoln.

Lord Augustus Hervey
Lord Augustus Henry Charles Hervey( 2 August 1837 – 28 May 1875) was a British Conservative Party politician.

Augustus Henry Fox
Augustus Henry Fox( 9 January 1822 – 1895) was an English portrait painter who exhibited three works at the Royal Academy.

Augustus Henry Keane
Augustus Henry Keane( 1833–1912) was an Irish Roman Catholic journalist and linguist, known for his ethnological writings.