Spencer Kelly
Spencer Kelly is the presenter of the BBC's technology programme" Click", broadcast on the BBC World News and the BBC News Channel in the United Kingdom.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Mike Sherman (TV presenter)
Mike Sherman is the presenter of" On the Mike with Mike Sherman" that aired from 2006 to 2011. Prior to that, he presented" The Mike Sherman Show". Today, he is the presenter of" Before the Fame", a celebrity- based weekly television show from Miami, Florida that showcases well- known celebrities before they were famous. Mike received a Film, Recording and Entertainment Council( FREC) award in 2010 for Best TV Host in South Florida.

Andy Muirhead
Andrew Robert" Andy" Muirhead( born 1975) is an Australian former radio and television presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He was the presenter of ABC Radio's breakfast program in Tasmania and also the presenter of the" Collectors" television program from 2005 to 2010. In 2012, he pleaded guilty to accessing child pornography and served four months of a five- month jail sentence.

Lerato Mbele
Lerato Mbele- Roberts is a South African journalist and broadcaster working for the BBC. Mbele is the presenter of “ Talking Business Africa ” and was the presenter of the long running “ Africa Business Report" on BBC World News. She used to be one of the main presenters of" Newsday" on the.

Tim Russert
Timothy John Russert (May 7, 1950 – June 13, 2008) was an American television journalist and lawyer who appeared for more than 16 years as the longest-serving moderator of NBC's "Meet the Press". He was a senior vice president at NBC News, Washington bureau chief and also hosted an eponymous CNBC/MSNBC weekend interview program. He was a frequent correspondent and guest on NBC's "The Today Show" and "Hardball". Russert covered several presidential elections, and he presented the NBC News/"Wall Street Journal" survey on the "NBC Nightly News" during the 2008 U.S. presidential election. "Time" magazine included Russert in its list of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2008. Russert was posthumously revealed as a 30-year source for syndicated columnist Robert Novak.

William Crawley
William Crawley is a Belfast- born BBC journalist and broadcaster. He is the presenter of" Talkback", a daily radio phone- in show on BBC Radio Ulster, and he is a presenter of" Sunday" on BBC Radio 4. He has also made several television series for BBC Northern Ireland.

David Whiteley
David Whiteley( born 4 May 1977 in Essex, UK) is the presenter of the BBC TV documentary programme" Inside Out- East".

Tim Russert (talk show)
Tim Russert was a weekend talk show that aired on CNBC and later MSNBC. It was hosted by Tim Russert. The program usually featured one long-form interview with an author or person in the news, with Russert and the guest sitting in a black studio at a table opposite each other. The style of program was comparable to "Charlie Rose." The program ended with Tim Russert's death in June 2008.

George Alagiah
George Maxwell Alagiah( born 22 November 1955) is a British newsreader, journalist and television news presenter. Since 3 December 2007, he has been the presenter of the" BBC News at Six" and has also been the main presenter of" GMT" on BBC World News since its launch on 1 February 2010. He is also the main relief presenter for the" BBC Ten O'Clock News" and has held this role since its launch in 2000, making him the longest serving presenter of the flagship news programme.