Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Sammy Drechsel
Sammy Drechsel( 25 April 1925, in Berlin – 19 January 1986, in Munich), born Karl- Heinz Kamke, was a German political comedian, journalist and sports reporter. In 1956, together with Dieter Hildebrandt, he founded the Münchner Lach- und Schießgesellschaft, one of Germany's most successful and influential sites of political kabarett, for which he was producer and director up to his death. From 1950 to his death he also worked as a sports reporter for the Bavarian" Bayrischer Rundfunk". He also became well known for his 1955 book" Elf Freunde müsst ihr sein You Ought to be Eleven Friends"), which targeted an adolescent audience. ( The book has also become available as an audiobook, produced by his long- time friend Hildebrandt.) One of Drechsel's last appearances was in the German TV series" Kir Royal", directed by Helmut Dietl, which was completed shortly before his death. From 1962 to 1986, Drechsel was married to Irene Koss.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Nikolaus Wolfgang Fischer
Nikolaus Wolfgang Fischer (15 January 1782 – 19 August 1850) was a German chemist. He first synthesized the Potassium cobaltinitritelater used as Aureolin pigment.

Wolfgang Fischer
Wolfgang Fischer( 11 December 1888 – 1 February 1943) was an officer in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. He was killed on 1 February 1943 near Mareth in Tunisia when his staff car drove into a poorly marked Italian minefield and hit a land mine. He lost his left arm and both of his legs in the blast. He bled to death while writing a farewell letter to his wife.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Wolfgang Fischer (athlete)
Wolfgang Fischer( 27 February 1928 – 25 November 1987) was a German hurdler. He competed in the men's 400 metres hurdles at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Wolfgang Ratke
Wolfgang Ratke( also Wolfgangus Ratichius or Wolfgang Ratich)( 18 October 1571 – 27 April 1635) was a German educational reformer.