Herveld
Herveld is a village in the Dutch province of Gelderland. It is located in the municipality of Overbetuwe. Herveld was a separate municipality until 1818, when the area was divided between Loenen en Wolferen and Valburg. The village exists of two semi-separate communities of Herveld- Noord and Herveld- Zuid., connected by the Stenenkamerstraat. The mostly Catholic Herveld- North is located directly east of the village Andelst while the more Protestant Herveld- South is a mile further south. Most amenities such as supermarkets, are located in Herveld- North. In the center of Herveld- South is a Gothic hall church, dating from the 15th century. Just outside the village is De Vink, a mill from the 18th century. Herveld is just off the A50 motorway( junction/ knooppunt Valburg), and to come into the village, one must follow the A15. Herveld has a rich history of fruit cultivation. [" citation needed"]

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Jawty
Jawty is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian- Masurian Voivodeship, Poland:

Bilthoven
Bilthoven is a village in the Dutch province of Utrecht. It is a part of the municipality of De Bilt. It has a railway station with connections to Utrecht, Amersfoort and Baarn. It is home to the Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment, RIVM; and to the Union Mundial pro Interlingua, UMI, which promotes Interlingua internationally. The statistical area" Bilthoven", which also can include the surrounding countryside, has a population of around 17,560.

Radzice
Radzice is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland:

Lubnowy
Lubnowy is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian- Masurian Voivodeship, Poland:

Tunstall, Virginia
Tunstall is an unincorporated community in New Kent County, Virginia, United States. Foster's Castle and Hampstead, both located in Tunstall, are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Limestone Coast
The Limestone Coast is a name used since the early twenty- first century for a South Australian government region located in the south east of South Australia which immediately adjoins the continental coastline and the Victorian border. The name is also used for a tourist region and a wine zone both located in the same part of South Australia.

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment
The Netherlands National Institute for Public Health and the Environment( or simply" RIVM"), is a Dutch research institute that is an independent agency of the Dutch Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. RIVM performs tasks to promote public health and a safe living environment by conducting research and collecting knowledge worldwide. The results are used to support the Dutch government in formulating its policy. RIVM's primary tasks are: RIVM is located in Bilthoven and employs over 1500 people, many of whom work in multidisciplinary fields.