Clarice Orsini
Clarice Orsini (1450–1488) was the daughter of Jacopo Orsini, and his wife and cousin Maddalena Orsini. She was the wife of Lorenzo de' Medici and mother of Pope Leo X.

Stan Rice
Stan Rice( November 7, 1942 – December 9, 2002) was an American poet and artist. He was the husband of author Anne Rice.

Umberto Orsini (cyclist)
Umberto Orsini( born 6 December 1994) is an Italian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team. In May 2019, he was named in the startlist for the 2019 Giro d'Italia.

Pasquale Orsini
Pasquale Orsini( born 1970) is an Italian palaeographer, librarian, and Professor from Università di Catania- Siracusa.

Jon Leach
Jonathan Leach( born April 18, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is the husband of Lindsay Davenport.

Andrew Upton
Andrew Upton( born 1 February 1966) is an Australian playwright, screenwriter, and director. He is the husband of actress Cate Blanchett.

Stan Marks
Stan Marks is an Australian writer and journalist. He is the husband of Holocaust survivor Eva Marks.

Marina Orsini
Marina Orsini C.M.( born January 4, 1967) is a Canadian actress.

Nicolás Orsini
Nicolás Orsini( born September 12, 1994) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Club Atlético Lanús.

Lorenzo de' Medici
Lorenzo de' Medici (1 January 1449 – 8 April 1492) was an Italian statesman, "de facto" ruler of the Florentine Republic and the most powerful and enthusiastic patron of Renaissance culture in Italy. Also known as Lorenzo the Magnificent ("Lorenzo il Magnifico") by contemporary Florentines, he was a magnate, diplomat, politician and patron of scholars, artists and poets. As a patron, he is best known for his sponsorship of artists such as Botticelli and Michelangelo. He held the balance of power within the Italic League, an alliance of states that stabilized political conditions on the Italian peninsula for decades, and his life coincided with the mature phase of the Italian Renaissance and the Golden Age of Florence. The Peace of Lodi of 1454 that he helped maintain among the various Italian states collapsed with his death. He is buried in the Medici Chapel in Florence.