Theobald II of Navarre
Theobald II (6/7 December 1239 – 4/5 December 1270) was King of Navarre and also, as Theobald V, Count of Champagne and Brie, from 1253 until his death. He was the son and successor of Theobald I and the second Navarrese monarch of the House of Blois. After he died childless, the throne of Navarre passed to his younger brother, Henry I.

Blanche of Navarre, Duchess of Brittany
Blanche of Navarre( 1226 – 12 August 1283), also known as Blanche of Champagne, was the daughter of Theobald the Troubador, King of Navarre and Count of Champagne, and his second wife Agnes of Beaujeu. She was a member of the House of Champagne. By her marriage to John I, Duke of Brittany, she became Duchess consort of Brittany.

Beatrice of Navarre, Duchess of Burgundy
Beatrice of Navarre( 1242? – 1295), was Duchess of Burgundy, by marriage to Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy. She was a daughter of Theobald I of Navarre and his third wife Margaret of Bourbon. Her siblings included Theobald II of Navarre and Henry I of Navarre. She is also known as Beatrix of Champagne.

Matilda of Carinthia
Matilda of Carinthia or Mathilde of Sponheim (died 13 December 1160 or 1161) was the daughter of Engelbert, Duke of Carinthia and his wife Uta of Passau. She married Theobald II, Count of Champagne in 1123. She was the mother of Adèle of Champagne, Queen of France and thus the maternal grandmother of Philip II of France. Her ten children with Theobald were:

Priscilla Pointer
Priscilla Marie Pointer( born May 18, 1924) is an American stage, film and television character actress. She began her career in the theater, including productions on Broadway. Later, Pointer moved to Hollywood to act in films and on television. She is the mother of Amy Irving, therefore making her the former mother- in- law of filmmakers Steven Spielberg and Bruno Barreto and the mother- in- law of documentary filmmaker Kenneth Bowser, Jr.

Scholastique of Champagne
Scholastique of Champagne( 1172–1219) was the daughter of Marie, Countess of Champagne and Henry I, Count of Champagne.

Adela of Champagne
Adela of Champagne( c. 1140 – 4 June 1206), also known as Adelaide, Alix and Adela of Blois, was Queen of France as the third wife of Louis VII. She was the third child and first daughter of Theobald II, Count of Champagne, and Matilda of Carinthia children and had nine brothers and sisters. She was named after her grandmother, Adela of Normandy. She was regent of France in the absence of her son in 1190.

Maria Thins
Maria Thins( c. 1593 – 27 December 1680) was the mother- in- law of Johannes Vermeer and a member of the Gouda Thins family.

Theobald II, Count of Champagne
Theobald the Great (French: Thibaut de Blois) (1090–1152) was Count of Blois and of Chartres as Theobald IV from 1102 and was Count of Champagne and of Brie as Theobald II from 1125. He held Auxerre, Maligny, Ervy, Troyes, and Châteauvillain as fiefs from Odo II, Duke of Burgundy. He was the son of Stephen II, Count of Blois, and Adela of Normandy, and the elder brother of King Stephen of England. Although he was the second son, Theobald was appointed above his older brother William. Several historians have painted William as mentally deficient, but this has never been substantiated. However, we know that his mother found him stubbornly resistant to control and unfit for wide-ranging comital duties. Theobald had no such problems. Theobald accompanied his mother throughout their realm on hundreds of occasions and, after her retirement to Marcigney in 1125, he administered the family properties with great skill. Adela died in her beloved convent in 1136, the year after her son Stephen was crowned king of England. King Louis VII of France became involved in a war with Theobald by permitting Count Raoul I of Vermandois and seneschal of France, to repudiate his wife Eleanor, Theobald's sister, and to marry Petronilla of Aquitaine, sister of the queen of France. The war, which lasted two years (1142–1144), was marked by the occupation of Champagne by the royal army and the capture of Vitry-le-François, where many persons perished in the deliberate burning of the church by Louis. The scholastic Pierre Abélard, famous for his love affair with and subsequent marriage to his student Héloïse, sought asylum in Champagne during Theobald II's reign. Abelard died at Cluny Abbey in Burgundy, a monastery supported by the Thebaudians for many centuries. In 1123 he married Matilda of Carinthia, daughter of Engelbert, Duke of Carinthia. Their children were: Thibaut had an illegitimate son,

Margaret of Bourbon, Queen of Navarre
Margaret of Bourbon( 1217 – 12 April 1256) was Queen of Navarre and Countess of Champagne from 1232 until 1253 as the third wife of Theobald I of Navarre. After her husband's death, she ruled both the kingdom and the county as regent for three years in the name of their son, Theobald II of Navarre.