Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Domenico Cosselli
Domenico Cosselli( 27 May 1801 in Parma – 9 November 1855 in Parma) was an Italian operatic bass- baritone, particularly associated with Rossini operas. He began his vocal studies in his native city in 1814 and made his stage debut there in 1821. He quickly made a specialty of Rossini roles, singing in" Il barbiere di SivigliaTancrediLa cenerentola La gazza ladraSemiramide", etc. He created for Donizetti the roles of Olivo in" Olivo e Pasquale" in 1827, and of Azzo in" Parisina" in 1833, also creating the role of Arnoldo in Pacini's" Carlo di Borgogna", in 1835. Cosselli was one of the first singers to make the transition between the old conception of the bass vocal range to what we know today as the baritone, a voice type that was still in its infancy. For Donizetti again, he created the role of Enrico in the highly successful" Lucia di Lammermoor", at the San Carlo in Naples, in 1835, giving to the role a new dramatic dimension, looking forward to what was to become known as the Verdi-baritone; the standard published score of Lucia contains several downward transpositions which mask the consistently high tessitura of the role as written for Cosselli. He went on singing the florid bass roles of Rossini such as Mosè, Maometto, Assur, etc.

Domenico de Dominicis
Domenico de Dominicis or Domenico de Dominici( died 1478) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Brescia( 1464 – 1478) and Bishop of Torcello( 1448 – 1464).

Domenico Maggiotto
Domenico Maggiotto or Domenico Fedeli( 1713–1794) was an Italian painter and engraver of the late- Baroque period. He was one of the main pupils of Giovanni Battista Piazzetta. His son Francesco Maggiotto was also a painter. He lived and worked mainly in Venice.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Neil Lloyd Macky
Colonel Neil Lloyd Macky MC (20 February 1891 – 4 October 1981) was a New Zealand lawyer and military leader. Born in Auckland, New Zealand, Macky earned a law degree from Auckland University College and set himself up as a sole practitioner. He joined the New Zealand Expeditionary Force (NZEF) in 1915 and was commissioned as an officer in the New Zealand Rifle Brigade. He served during the Senussi Campaign in the Middle East and on the Western Front. His leadership during the Battle of Flers–Courcelette earned him the Military Cross. After the war he returned to his legal career. He was also a senior officer in the Territorial Force (TF) in which he commanded an infantry brigade. In 1937, Macky was one of four TF colonels that publicly protested reforms that reduced personnel and affected morale in the TF. He was punished by being placed on the retired list. Recalled to duty in the Second World War, he commanded the 21st Battalion during the Battle of Greece. Repatriated to New Zealand after the battle, he commanded the Bay of Islands Fortress Area until he was placed on the reserve of officers. After the war he returned to his law firm for which he was practice manager. He died in 1981 at the age of 90.

Domenico Auria
Domenico Auria( active 16th century) was an Italian architect and sculptor of the Renaissance period, active in Naples. He was a pupil of Marliano da Nola. He is also known as" Giovanni Domenico" or" Giovan Domenico Auria", or" Domenico d' Auria".

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Neil Lloyd
Neil Lloyd( born 1 October 1966) is an Antiguan former cyclist. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.