Calloway County High School
Calloway County High School is a public high school located in Murray, Kentucky. The school was formed from the consolidation of six high schools from across the county: Hazel High School, Lynn Grove High School, Kirksey High School, Almo High School, New Concord High School, and Faxon High School.

Marion High School (Kansas)
Marion High School is a public high school in Marion, Kansas, USA. It is one of three schools operated by Marion USD 408, and is the sole high school in the district.

North Marion High School (West Virginia)
North Marion High School is a public Double A ("AA") high school in the U.S. state of West Virginia, with a current enrollment of 851 students. North Marion High School is located approximately 4 miles from Farmington, West Virginia on US Route 250 north. While it is closer to the city of Mannington, West Virginia, and is often considered to be located in Rachel, West Virginia, the school mailing address is Farmington. Rachel is a small coal mining community located adjacent to the school, and is an unincorporated municipality. North Marion High School is represented as "Grantville High School" in the popular alternative history novel "1632" by writer Eric Flint. The novel is set in the fictional town of Grantville, which is based on the real town and surroundings of Mannington.

Creswell High School (Oregon)
Creswell High School( Oregon) is a public high school in Creswell, Oregon, United States.

Wheeling High School
Wheeling High School, or WHS, is a public four- year high school located in Wheeling, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. It is part of Township High School District 214, which also includes Buffalo Grove High School, Elk Grove High School, John Hersey High School, Prospect High School, and Rolling Meadows High School. The school serves the communities of Wheeling, Prospect Heights, Arlington Heights, and Buffalo Grove and Mount Prospect. " U.S. News& World Report" ranked WHS as the 6th high school in District 214, the 90th high school in Illinois, and as the 2,448th high school in the United States in 2019.

Ottawa High School and Junior High School
The Ottawa High School and Junior High School, located at 526 and 506 S. Main St. respectively, are the historic former high school and junior high school in Ottawa, Kansas. The high school was built in 1917, while the junior high school was built from 1927 to 1928; an enclosed hallway connecting the two buildings was built with the junior high school. The high school was the first school in Ottawa to be built solely as a high school and the eighth school built in Ottawa. George P. Washburn& Son designed the high school in the Collegiate Gothic style. When the junior high school was constructed ten years later, the firm, by then known as Washburn& Stookey, designed the building in the same style as the high school. In 1966, a new high school was built for the upper three classes of students; the freshman class moved to the building in 1976, and the old high school and junior high school became a middle school. The two buildings were connected by a multi-purpose room in the same year. The middle school later vacated the building. The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 6, 2000.

East High School (Denver)
Denver East High School is a public high school located in the City Park neighborhood on the east side of Denver, Colorado, United States. It is part of the Denver Public Schools system, and is one of four original high schools in Denver. The other three are North High School, West High School, and South High School.

Seoul High School
Seoul High School( Hangul: 서울고등학교) is a public high school located in the heart of Seoul, South Korea.

Marion High School (Indiana)
Marion High School is a high school in Marion, Indiana with more than 1,000 students.

North Marion High School (Oregon)
North Marion High School is a public high school in Aurora, Oregon, United States. The school is part of the North Marion School District with all four schools being located on the same campus. The school draws students from the cities of Aurora, Hubbard, and Donald as well as the communities of Broadacres and Butteville.