Marian Shields Robinson
Marian Lois Robinson( née Shields; born July 29, 1937) is the mother of Michelle Obama, former First Lady of the United States, and Craig Robinson, a basketball executive, and the mother- in- law of former U.S. President Barack Obama.

Priscilla Pointer
Priscilla Marie Pointer( born May 18, 1924) is an American stage, film and television character actress. She began her career in the theater, including productions on Broadway. Later, Pointer moved to Hollywood to act in films and on television. She is the mother of Amy Irving, therefore making her the former mother- in- law of filmmakers Steven Spielberg and Bruno Barreto and the mother- in- law of documentary filmmaker Kenneth Bowser, Jr.

Baroness Gösta von dem Bussche-Haddenhausen
Baroness Gösta von dem Bussche- Haddenhausen( 26 January 1902 – 13 June 1996) was the mother of Prince Claus of the Netherlands, who was the Prince Consort of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, thus making her the mother- in- law of the former Dutch Queen. She is also the paternal grandmother of King Willem- Alexander of the Netherlands, who is the current Dutch King.

Vera Miletić
Vera Miletić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вера Милетић; 8 March 1920 – 7 September 1944) was a Serbian student and soldier. She was notable for being the mother of Mira Marković, posthumously making her the mother-in-law of Serbian president Slobodan Milošević.

Conchobar mac Nessa
Conchobar mac Nessa (son of Ness) is the king of Ulster in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology. He rules from Emain Macha (Navan Fort, near Armagh). He is usually said to be the son of the High King Fachtna Fáthach, although in some stories his father is the druid Cathbad, and he is usually known by his matronymic, "mac Nessa": his mother is Ness, daughter of Eochaid Sálbuide, King of Ulster.

Doria Ragland
Doria L. Ragland( born September 2, 1956) is the mother of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, the mother- in- law of Prince Harry, and the maternal grandmother of Archie Mountbatten- Windsor, who is seventh in line to the British throne. She is a former makeup artist, business owner, yoga instructor, and former social worker who worked in the mental health sector from 2015 to 2018.

Eldon Howard
Eldon Howard was a British screenwriter. She was the mother- in- law of Edward J. Danziger and wrote a number of the screenplays for films by his company Danziger Productions.

Mugain
Mugain, daughter of Eochaid Feidlech,  , is a legendary queen in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology; characterized as the "Strumpet wife of Conchobar mac Nessa", the king of Ulster. Also styled Mumain , she bore him a son named Glaisne. She was also a sister of Medb by paternity. Her epithet, "Aitinchairchech", literally means "having gorse-like body hair", or perhaps more specifically pubic hair. When Cúchulainn returned to Emain Macha after his first foray, his fury was so great the Ulstermen feared he would destroy them. Mugain led her maidens out, and they bared their breasts in front of him. Cúchulainn averted his eyes, and the Ulstermen were able to wrestle him into a barrel of cold water, which exploded from the heat of his body. They put him in a second barrel, and the water boiled; and finally a third barrel, which merely warmed up to a pleasant temperature. Her affair with Áed, Conchobar's poet, led to the death of Lóegaire Búadach. The Ulstermen took her life, out of the love of her, though they seldom engaged in femicide.
p.23

Maria Thins
Maria Thins( c. 1593 – 27 December 1680) was the mother- in- law of Johannes Vermeer and a member of the Gouda Thins family.

Donna Harun
Donna Harun( born February 21, 1968) is an Indonesian actress and model of Dutch- Indonesian descent. She is the mother of actor Ricky Harun and mother- in- law of the actress and model Herfiza Novianti.