Mitsuya Nagai
, better known as, is a Japanese mixed martial artist, kickboxer and professional wrestler. He is known for his work in Fighting Network RINGS and later in pro wrestling companies like Battlarts and New Japan Pro Wrestling( NJPW). He currently wrestles for Dradition Pro Wrestling( Dradition) and Pro Wrestling Noah( Noah).

Yutaka Yoshie
, is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently working as a freelancer in Japan, performing most notably for All Japan Pro Wrestling( AJPW), where he is a former World Tag Team Champion. He has previously worked for promotions such as New Japan Pro Wrestling( NJPW), where he is a former IWGP Tag Team Champion, Pro Wrestling Noah and Pro Wrestling Zero1, where he is currently in his second reign as one half of the NWA Intercontinental Tag Team Champions.

Nobukazu Hirai
Nobukazu Hirai( born December 30, 1969) is a Japanese professional wrestler currently competing in All Japan Pro Wrestling as Super Hate. He is the son of former Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance wrestler Mitsu Hirai.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Booker T (wrestler)
Robert Booker Tio Huffman (born March 1, 1965), better known by his ring name Booker T, is an American professional wrestler, professional wrestling promoter and color commentator signed with WWE. He is also the owner and founder of the independent promotion Reality of Wrestling (ROW) in Texas City, Texas. Booker is best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling (WCW), the World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/E), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), holding 35 championships between those organizations. He is the most decorated wrestler in WCW history, having held 21 titles including a record six WCW World Television Championships (along with being the first African American titleholder), and a record eleven WCW World Tag Team Championships: ten as one half of Harlem Heat with his brother, Lash "Stevie Ray" Huffman in WCW (most reigns within that company), and one in the WWF with Test. Harlem Heat were recognized by WWE as being – along with The Steiner Brothers – WCW's greatest ever tag team. Booker was the final WCW World Heavyweight Champion and WCW United States Heavyweight Champion under the WCW banner; industry veteran John Layfield described him as "the best acquisition that WWE got when they bought WCW". Booker is a six-time world champion, having won the WCW World Heavyweight Championship five times (four times in WCW, and once in the WWF) and WWE's World Heavyweight Championship once. He is the first non-mixed race African American to become a world champion in WWE, and was voted the greatest World Heavyweight Champion in a WWE viewer poll. Booker is a 15-time world tag team champion between WCW (10 times), WWF/E (four times), and TNA (once). Additionally, he was the winner of the King of the Ring tournament in 2006, the sixteenth Triple Crown Champion, and the eighth Grand Slam Champion (under original format) in WWE history. As the ninth Triple Crown Champion in WCW history, Booker is one of five men in history to achieve both the WWE and WCW Triple Crowns. Longtime wrestler Kurt Angle said of Booker: "He's done it all... he legitimately is one of the top five best of all time." Booker was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame on April 6, 2013, by his brother, Lash. Both he and Lash were inducted together into the 2019 class on April 6, 2019 as Harlem Heat, rendering him one of four men to be a two-time Hall of Famer (alongside Ric Flair, Bret Hart & Shawn Michaels).

Tadasuke
, known mononymously as is a Japanese professional wrestler, currently signed to Pro Wrestling Noah. He is best known for his work in Osaka Pro Wrestling, where he is a former one- time Osaka Pro Wrestling Champion, three- time Osaka Pro Wrestling Tag Team Champions and a one- time Osaka Pro Wrestling Battle Royal Champion, while also being the winner of the 2012 Osaka Tag Festival. He has also made appearances in the United States for the Chikara promotion, where he is a former holder of the Young Lions Cup.

Samson Kutsuwada
He joined Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance in August 1967. He trained under Karl Istaz, and debuted in 1971. After becoming one of the original All Japan Pro Wrestling wrestlers, he won the All Asia Tag Team Championship with Akihisa Mera in October 1976. He retired in 1977. All Japan Pro Wrestling held a ceremony in his honor during an event on 16 October 2004 in Iida, Nagano.

Reality of Wrestling
Reality of Wrestling (ROW) is an independent professional wrestling promotion based in Houston, Texas. It was established as Pro Wrestling Alliance (PWA) in 2005 by Booker T.

Brittany Brown
Brittany Brown is an American female professional wrestler, former promoter and current trainer. She competed in the Ladies Professional Wrestling Association, The Fabulous Moolah's Ladies International Wrestling Association, as well as in Killer Kowalski's International Wrestling Federation, National Wrestling Alliance, World Championship Wrestling, Empire Pro Wrestling, New England Wrestling Federation, World Wide Wrestling Alliance, North American Wrestling Alliance, Empire Pro Wrestling, World Wrestling Alliance, New England Pro Wrestling and many other Federations during the mid to late 80's, 1990's, 2000's and 2010's. She had great feuds most notably with Shelley Francis, Black Venus Jean Kirkland, Wendi Richter, Brandi Wine, Lelani Kai, Rustee the Foxx Thomas, Rosebud, Jamie West, Brandi Alexander, Babyface Nellie and many other great Ladies.

Quicksilver (wrestler)
Richard" Rick" Clements is a retired American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Quicksilver. He was based out of the California independent circuit, working for promotions such as Alternative Wrestling Show, Revolution Pro Wrestling, Southern California Championship Wrestling and Battle Ground Pro Wrestling but also worked for major East Coast indy promotions such as Jersey All Pro Wrestling and CZW. He is best known for his appearances with Pro Wrestling Guerrilla.