Brian Johnson (special effects artist)
Brian Johnson( born 1939 or 1940) is a British designer and director of film and television special effects.

Family Katta
Family Katta is a 2016 Indian Marathi language family comedy- drama film directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni and produced by Vandana Gupte. It stars Dilip Prabhavalkar, Vandana Gupte and Sai Tamhankar in lead roles. It was released on 7 October 2016.

Ben Cura
Ben Cura( born 30 September 1988) is a British- Argentine actor and director of film, television and theatre.

Chandrakant Kulkarni
Chandrakant Kulkarni is an Indian director, script writer and actor associated with Marathi theatre and film. He is known for his works of directing the plays" Wada ChirebandiDhyanimaniGandhi Virudh Gandhi" and most recently the remake of" Hamidabaichi Kothi". He has also directed the acclaimed films" Bindhaast"( 1999) and" Tukaram"( 2012). At the 61st National Film Awards, his film" Aajcha Divas Majha" won the award for Best Feature Film in Marathi.

P. Venu
P. Venu (8 November 1940 – 25 May 2011) was an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter with over 20 films to his credit. His directorial venture "Udhyogastha" in 1967 was the first ever multi-starrer film of South India. His work in Malayalam cinema was significant and most influential, covering all themes and genres over a career spanning 40 years. One of his most recognized film "C.I.D. Nazir" in 1971, revolutionized movie-making in the investigative genre in Malayalam cinema. Following the commercial and critical success of this film, he came up with two more in the series - "Taxi Car" in 1972 and Prethangalude Thazhvara in 1973, which were recognized as the first investigative sequels in the history of Malayalam cinema. From the late 60s to the 90s he continued to make films and then decided to take a break to devote more time to his family. His last film "Parinamam (The Change)" in 2003 won an honour for Malayalam cinema, winning the Best Screenplay Award at Ashdod International Film Festival held in Israel. In 2005 he was bestowed with the "Kala Prathiba" (Icon of Creative Arts) Award by the Kerala Film Critics Association for his immense contributions to Malayalam cinema. He was also an active member of "MACTA" (Malayalam Cine Technicians Association). He published his book titled "Udyogastha Muthal" (meaning ‘From Udyogastha Onwards’) in 2010 reminiscing his life as a filmmaker and his experiences in the film industry.

Jason Moore (director)
Jason Moore( born October 22, 1970) is an American director of film, theatre and television.

Ward No.7
Ward No.7 is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sharada, Srividya and Jose Prakash in the lead roles. The film has musical score by G. Devarajan.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Hanro Smitsman
Hanro Smitsman, born in 1967 in Breda( Netherlands), is a writer and director of film and television.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.