In Bed with Medinner (series 1)
This is a list of episodes of" In Bed with Medinner" episodes in broadcast order, from broadcast series 1.

In Bed with Santa
In Bed with Santa is a Swedish black comedy film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 26 November 1999, directed by Kjell Sundvall. A German remake was made in 2007 under the title" Messy Christmas". A French remake was made in 2014 under the title" Divin Enfant"

In Bed with Medinner (series 3)
This is a list of episodes of" In Bed with Medinner" episodes in broadcast order, from broadcast series 3.

In Bed with Medinner (series 2)
This is a list of episodes of" In Bed with Medinner" episodes in broadcast order, from broadcast series 2.

Washington Hotel
Washington Hotel or Hotel Washington may refer to:

Imperial Hotel
Imperial Hotel or Hotel Imperial may refer to:

Victoria Hotel
Victoria Hotel or Hotel Victoria may refer to:

In Bed with Medinner (series 4)
This is a list of episodes of" In Bed with Medinner" episodes in broadcast order( where known), from series 4.

Ustad Hotel
Ustad Hotel is a 2012 Indian Malayalam- language drama film directed by Anwar Rasheed, written by Anjali Menon and produced by Listin Stephen. The film stars Dulquer Salmaan, Thilakan and Nithya Menen, with Siddique, Mamukkoya, and Lena in supporting roles, along with Asif Ali and Jishnu in cameo roles. The story is about a young man named Faizal, known as Faizi( played by Dulquer), who studies in Switzerland as a chef against the wishes of his father( played by Siddique). When this matter comes to light, his father snatches away his passport to prevent him from taking up his new job in UK. As the relation between father and son deteriorates, Faizi is forced to work as a cook in a restaurant in Kozhikode( Calicut) run by his grandfather Karim( played by Thilakan) till he can plan something alternate. " Ustad Hotel" released on 13 July 2012 was a commercial success. It won three National Film Awards, for Best Popular Film, Menon won the award for Best Dialogues and Thilakan got a Special Mention( posthumously). It was remade in Kannada as" Gowdru Hotel"( 2017). The film was dubbed and released in Telugu as" Janatha Hotel" in 2018.

Bob Mills (comedian)
Robert Edward Mills( born 30 June 1957) is an English comedian and broadcaster, who has appeared in the television series" In Bed with Medinner" and" The Show".