Prince Foulques, Duke of Aumale
Prince Foulques of Orléans, Duke of Aumale and Count of Eu (Foulques Thibaut Robert Jacques Géraud Jean Marie; born 9 July 1974) is the younger son of Prince Jacques, Duke of Orléans and Gersende de Sabran-Pontevès. His paternal grandfather was the late Henri, Count of Paris, who was the Orléanist claimant to the French throne with the title of Henri VI. As such, Foulques would have the status of "Petit-Fils de France", with the style of Royal Highness.

Prince Jacques, Duke of Orléans
Prince Jacques of Orléans, Duke of Orléans, "fils de France" (Jacques Jean Jaroslaw Marie; born 25 June 1941 in Rabat, Morocco), is the son of Henri, Count of Paris (the Orléanist claimant to the French throne from 1940 until his death) and his wife, Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza.

Louisa Montagu Douglas Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch
Louisa Jane Montagu Douglas Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry( 26 August 1836 – 16 March 1912) was the daughter of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn. In 1884, she became the Duchess of Buccleuch and Duchess of Queensberry, the wife of William Henry Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 6th Duke of Buccleuch& 8th Duke of Queensberry. She was the paternal grandmother of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester and of Marian Louisa, Lady Elmhirst, as well as the maternal great- grandmother of Prince William of Gloucester, Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester and great- great- grandmother of Sarah, Duchess of York.

Stephen of Aumale
Stephen of Aumale( – 1127) was Count of Aumale from before 1089 to 1127, and Lord of Holderness.

Henri d'Orléans, Duke of Aumale
" Henri" Eugène Philippe Louis d' Orléans, Duke of Aumale( 16 January 1822 – 7 May 1897) was a leader of the Orleanists, a political faction in 19th- century France associated with constitutional monarchy. He was born in Paris, the fifth son of King Louis- Philippe I of the French and Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily. He used the title Duke of Aumale. He retired from public life in 1883.

Tjuyu
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.

Hawise, Countess of Aumale
Hawise, Countess of Aumale( died 11 March 1214) was ruling Countess of Aumale from 1179 until 1194 with her husbands. She was the daughter and heiress of William, Count of Aumale and Cicely, daughter and co-heiress of William fitz Duncan. She became Countess of Essex by her marriage to William de Mandeville, 3rd Earl of Essex.

Hannah Arnold
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.

Mona Hopton Bell
Mona Hopton Bell( 1867- 1940) was a British artist, best known for her portraits of civic figures. She was the grandmother of the painter Jean H. Bell.

Hubba bint Hulail
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.