Purnima (Hindi actress)
Purnima Das Verma( born Meherbhano Mohammad Ali) was an Indian film actress who worked predominantly in Hindi language films. She is the grandmother of actor Emraan Hashmi.

Hubba bint Hulail
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.

Seqenenre Tao
Seqenenre Tao (also Seqenera Djehuty-aa or Sekenenra Taa), called 'the Brave', ruled over the last of the local kingdoms of the Theban region of Egypt in the Seventeenth Dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period. He probably was the son and successor to Senakhtenre Ahmose and Queen Tetisheri. The dates of his reign are uncertain, but he may have risen to power in the decade ending in 1560 BC or in 1558 BC (based on the probable accession date of his son, Ahmose I, the first ruler of the eighteenth dynasty, see Egyptian chronology). With his queen, Ahhotep I, Seqenenre Tao fathered two pharaohs, Kamose, his immediate successor who was the last pharaoh of the seventeenth dynasty, and Ahmose I who, following a regency by his mother, was the first pharaoh of the eighteenth. Seqenenre Tao is credited with starting the opening moves in a war of revanchism against Hyksos incursions into Egypt, which saw the country completely liberated during the reign of his son Ahmose I.

Diana Guardato
Diana Guardato was a member of the aristocratic Patrician Guardato family, and had three children with King Ferdinand I: Diana Guardato is the 16th- Great Grandmother of His Royal Highness Albert II of Belgium, 15th- Great Grandmother of His Majesty Juan Carlos I of Spain, 17th- Great Grandmother of Philippe of Belgium, 14th- Great Grandmother of His Majesty Manuel II of Portugal, 16th- Great Grandmother of Grand Duke Henri, as well as many others.

Tjuyu
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.

Ahmose-Nebetta
Ahmose-Nebetta (alternatively written Ahmose-Nebta) (“Child of Iah (the Moon) - Lady of the Land”) was a princess during the late seventeenth dynasty of Egypt. She was probably the daughter of Seqenenre Tao and Queen Ahhotep I. She was the sister of Pharaoh Ahmose I.

Hannah Arnold
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.

Kaoru Hatoyama
After the elections of 2009, she became more widely known as the grandmother of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and his politician brother Kunio Hatoyama.

Anne Denman
Anne Denman( 1587–1661) was born in Olde Hall, Retford, Nottinghamshire. Through a fortunate second marriage with Thomas Aylesbury, she became the grandmother of Lady Anne Hyde, Duchess of York and great- grandmother of Queen Mary II and Queen Anne.

Mona Hopton Bell
Mona Hopton Bell( 1867- 1940) was a British artist, best known for her portraits of civic figures. She was the grandmother of the painter Jean H. Bell.