The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

A Day
A Day or A- Day may refer to:

A Day at the Museum
A Day at the Museum or Musée haut, musée bas is a 2008 French ensemble comedy film directed by Jean- Michel Ribes.

The Poacher's Foster Daughter or Noble Millionaire
The Poacher's Foster Daughter or Noble Millionaire is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič. It was released in 1949.

H Day
H Day or H. Day may refer to:

P day
P day, P- Day, or P. Day may refer to:

One Day
One Day or 1 Day may refer to:

Daystar
Daystar or day star may refer to:

Ryan's Daughter
Ryan's Daughter is a 1970 British epic romantic drama film directed by David Lean. The film, set in August 1917 – January 1918, tells the story of a married Irish woman who has an affair with a British officer during World War I, despite moral and political opposition from her nationalist neighbours; it stars Robert Mitchum, Sarah Miles, John Mills, Christopher Jones, Trevor Howard and Leo McKern. The film is a re-telling of the plot of Gustave Flaubert's novel" Madame Bovary". The score was written by Maurice Jarre and the movie was photographed in Super Panavision 70 by Freddie Young. In its initial release," Ryan's Daughter" was harshly received by critics but was a box office success, grossing nearly$ 31 million on a budget of$ 13.3 million, making the film the eighth highest- grossing picture of 1970. It was nominated for four Academy Awards and won in two categories.