Marie Forså
Marie Forså or Maria Lynn( born Inga Forså, 13 December 1956 in Farsta) is a Swedish actress active in Europe the mid-1970s.

Argentina Santos
Argentina Santos or Maria Argentina Pinto dos Santos (February 6, 1924 – November 18, 2019) was a Portuguese singer considered one of the last great Fado singers.

María do Céu
Maria do Céu da Silva Lopes Federer or Maria do Ceu( born 1957) is an East Timor aid worker and politician who was a presidential candidate in the 2012 election.

Marya Chéliga-Loevy
Marya Chéliga- Loevy( or Maria Szeliga, 1854 – 2 January 1927) was a Polish author, playwright, feminist and pacifist. She was born in Poland but spent much of her life in France.

Maria Ann Lovell
Maria Ann Lovell or Maria Lovell; Maria Lacy; Maria Ann Lacy( 1803 – 1877) was an English actress and playwright.

Lydia Knott
Lydia Knott( October 1, 1866 – March 30, 1955) was an American actress of the silent film era. She appeared in 91 films between 1914 and 1937. She was born in Tyner, Indiana and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. She was the mother of director Lambert Hillyer.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Mona Maris
Mona Maris (born Mona Maria Emita Capdeville or Maria Rose Amita Capdeville, November 7, 1903 – March 23, 1991) was an Argentine film actress.

Maria Dulębianka
Maria Dulębianka( 21 October 1861 – 7 March 1919) was a Polish artist and activist. Born into a family of landed gentry, she attended finishing school in Kraków and then studied art in Warsaw and in Vienna and Paris. Her work was recognized in the 1900 Paris Exposition and her" Studium dziewczyny"( Girls' Studio) was purchased by the National Museum in Kraków. After 1889, the majority of her paintings were of her companion Maria Konopnicka. Dulębianka was active in the women's movement pressing for women to be admitted to the Kraków Academy of Fine Arts and for the establishment of a gymnasium in Lviv for girls to gain access to higher education. She published articles and gave lectures on women's issues. Active in the fight for women's suffrage, she ran as a candidate in the 1908 election for the Parliament of Galicia, but was rejected because she was a woman. Undiscouraged, she continued to strive for social equality, Polish independence, and cooperation between Poles and Ukrainians. Dulębianka founded the Women's Electoral Committee to press for women's inclusion in the Lviv City Council, the Union of Women's Rights, the Men's League for the Defense of Women's Rights and the Women's Civic Work Committee. As the leader of the Civic Work Committee, she established kitchens for the poor, children's nurseries, and a club to care for street children and orphans. Under the occupation of Lviv by the Imperial Russian Army and during the Polish – Ukrainian War, she organized humanitarian aid. She contracted typhus while assisting prisoners of war and died in 1919. Dulębianka is remembered as a pioneer of women's rights in Poland.

Maria Boguslavka
Maria Bohuslavka or Maria Boguslavka was a legendary heroine who lived in Ukraine in the 16th or 17th century. She is primarily known from many Ukrainian epic ballads(" dumas"), usually referred to as" Duma about Marusya Boguslavka", and other Ukrainian folklore. Her nickname' Boguslavka' refers to her origin, the city of Boguslav.