Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Orelsan
Aurélien Cotentin (born 1 August 1982 in Alençon, Orne), better known by his stage name Orelsan, sometimes stylized as OrelSan , is a French rapper, songwriter, record producer, actor and film director. He has released three studio albums: his debut "Perdu d'avance" on 16 February 2009, his second album "Le chant des sirènes" on 26 September 2011 and his third album "La fête est finie" on 20 October 2017. He is also one half of the French hip hop duo Casseurs Flowters, along with Gringe, with whom he has released two studio albums: "Orelsan et Gringe sont les Casseurs Flowters" in 2013, and the original soundtrack for their 2015 film "Comment c'est loin". Orelsan's artistry and rapping technique has drawn him comparisons to American rap legend Eminem on several occasions, primarily because both are prominent white rappers and both are known for their ability to switch between or combine violent and comical rapping techniques.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Jim Bob
James Robert Morrison, known as Jim Bob, is a British musician and author. He was the singer of indie punk band Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.

Dáithí Sproule
Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music. His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Suicide social
"Suicide social" is a song by French rapper Orelsan and produced by Skread. It was released on September 15, 2011 as the fourth single from his second studio album "Le chant des sirènes". In the song, Orelsan assumes the persona of a distressed, working individual who spends his last minutes tackling several political, cultural and religious issues in France, including the "incompetents" serving in the French government, neo-Nazism and the LGBT community, before committing suicide by shooting himself.

Szilvia Péter Szabó
Szilvia Péter Szabó( born 9 September 1982 in Szeged, Hungary) is Hungarian pop singer. She is most well known as the singer of the Hungarian folk- pop band NOX.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.