Eleni Gabre-Madhin: Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).

Baglan Mailybayev: Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).

Rumbold of Mechelen: Saint Rumbold( or" RumoldRomuold") was an Irish or Scottish Christian missionary, although his true nationality is not known for certain. He was martyred near Mechelen by two men, whom he had denounced for their evil ways. Saint Rumbold's feast day is celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church, and Western Rite Orthodox Churches, on 24 June; and it is celebrated in Ireland on 3 July. He is the patron saint of Mechelen, where St. Rumbold's Cathedral possesses an elaborate golden shrine on its high altar, containing relics attributed to the saint. It is rumoured that his remains are buried inside the cathedral. Twenty- five paintings in the choir illustrate his life.

Khalid al-Habib: Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan. In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack. al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.

Nayelly Hernández: Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player. She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships. Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour. Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player. She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.

Roberto Savio: Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance. He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini. Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome. He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.

Ali Rahuma: Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Yash Chopra: Yash Raj Chopra (27 September 1932 – 21 October 2012) was an Indian director and film producer who worked in Hindi films. The founding chairman of the film production and distribution company Yash Raj Films, Chopra was the recipient of several awards, including six National Film Awards and 11 Filmfare Awards. He is considered among the best Indian filmmakers. For his contributions to film, the Government of India honoured him with the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2001, and the Padma Bhushan in 2005. British Academy of Film and Television Arts presented him with a lifetime membership, making him the first Indian to receive the honour. Chopra began his career as an assistant director to I. S. Johar and his elder brother, B.R. Chopra. He made directorial debut with "Dhool Ka Phool" in 1959, a melodrama about illegitimacy, and followed it with the social drama "Dharmputra" (1961). Chopra rose to prominence after directing the commercially and critically successful drama, "Waqt" (1965), which pioneered the concept of ensemble casts in Bollywood. In 1971, he founded his own production company, Yash Raj Films, whose first production was "Daag" (1973), a successful melodrama about a polygamous man. His success continued in the seventies, with some of Indian cinema's most successful and iconic films, including the action thriller "Deewaar" (1975), which established Amitabh Bachchan as the leading actor in Bollywood; the romantic drama "Kabhie Kabhie" (1976) and "Trishul" (1978). This was followed by a period of professional setback from the late 1970s to 1989. Chopra collaborated with Sridevi in two of what has been considered to be his finest films; the romantic musical "Chandni" (1989), which became instrumental in ending the era of violent films in Bollywood and returning to musicals, and the romantic drama "Lamhe" (1991), considered by critics and Chopra himself to be his best work, but underperformed at the domestic box office although brought profits overseas. After helming the critically panned "Parampara" (1993), Chopra directed the commercially successful psychological thriller "Darr" (1993), the first of his films to star Shah Rukh Khan. Chopra directed three more romantic films, all starring Khan; "Dil To Pagal Hai" (1997), "Veer-Zaara" (2004) and "Jab Tak Hai Jaan" (2012), before announcing his retirement from direction in 2012. He died of dengue fever during "Jab Tak Hai Jaan"s production in 2012.

Pamela Chopra: Pamela Chopra (born 1938) is a Bollywood playback singer. She is the widow of veteran film director Yash Chopra. She has also written and produced several films.

Uday Chopra: Uday Chopra( born 5 January 1973) is a Bollywood actor, producer, screenwriter and assistant director. He is the son of the late Yash Chopra and brother of Aditya Chopra. His sister- in- law is the actress Rani Mukerji and his cousins are film director Karan Johar and film producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra. Chopra worked as an assistant director on a number of his father's and brother's films under the Yash Raj Films banner. Chopra is the owner- manager( CEO) of YRF Entertainment and manager of Yash Raj Films along with his mother Pamela Chopra and his brother Aditya Chopra, who owns the company. Chopra made his acting debut in the notable 2000 musical romantic drama Mohabbatein and featured in several other notable films including" Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai"( 2002)," Dhoom"( 2004)," Dhoom 2"( 2006) and" Dhoom 3"( 2013). In July 2012, Chopra founded his own company, Yomics, which creates comics about famous Yash Raj Films including" Hum TumDhoom" and" Ek Tha Tiger". Chopra received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Television Movie for producing Grace of Monaco at the 67th Primetime Emmy Awards.