O Valencia!: " O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Miss Brown to You: "Miss Brown to You" is a song with music composed by Richard A. Whiting and Ralph Rainger, and lyrics written by Leo Robin. It was first recorded on July 25, 1935 by Billie Holiday accompanied by Teddy Wilson and his orchestra. This version is featured on . A live favourite, Holiday recorded the song many times, most notably in June, 1949 for the FRS radio broadcast, "Just Jazz" in Los Angeles with Neal Hefti on trumpet, Herbie Harper on trombone, Herbie Steward on clarinet and tenor saxophone, Jimmy Rowles on piano, Robert "Iggy" Shevak on bass, and Blinkie Garner on drums, at the Storyville Club in Boston on October 31, 1951 accompanied by Buster Harding on piano, John Field on bass, and Marquis Foster on drums, and at the Carnegie Hall, New York City, on November 10, 1956 with Her Orchestra formed by Roy Eldridge on trumpet, Coleman Hawkins on tenor saxophone, Carl Drinkard on piano, Kenny Burrell on guitar, Carson Smith on bass, and Chico Hamilton on drums.

Billie Holiday: Eleanora Fagan (April 7, 1915 – July 17, 1959), better known as Billie Holiday, was an African American jazz singer with a career spanning nearly thirty years. Nicknamed "Lady Day" by her friend and music partner Lester Young, Holiday had a seminal influence on jazz music and pop singing. Her vocal style, strongly inspired by jazz instrumentalists, pioneered a new way of manipulating phrasing and tempo. She was known for her vocal delivery and improvisational skills. After a turbulent childhood, Holiday began singing in nightclubs in Harlem, where she was heard by the producer John Hammond, who commended her voice. She signed a recording contract with Brunswick in 1935. Collaborations with Teddy Wilson yielded the hit "What a Little Moonlight Can Do", which became a jazz standard. Throughout the 1930s and 1940s, Holiday had mainstream success on labels such as Columbia and Decca. By the late 1940s, however, she was beset with legal troubles and drug abuse. After a short prison sentence, she performed at a sold-out concert at Carnegie Hall, but her reputation deteriorated because of her drug and alcohol problems. She was a successful concert performer throughout the 1950s with two further sold-out shows at Carnegie Hall. Due to personal struggles and an altered voice, her final recordings were met with mixed reaction, but were mild commercial successes. Her final album, "Lady in Satin", was released in 1958. Holiday died of cirrhosis on July 17, 1959. She won four Grammy Awards, all of them posthumously, for Best Historical Album. She was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1973. "Lady Sings the Blues", a film about her life, starring Diana Ross, was released in 1972. She is the primary character in the play (later made into a film) " Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill" ; the role was originated by Reenie Upchurch in 1986, and was played by Audra McDonald on Broadway and in the film. In 2017 Holiday was inducted into the National Rhythm & Blues Hall of Fame.

Bernie Bonvoisin: Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Kristian Leontiou: Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Dáithí Sproule: Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music. His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.

Caspar Babypants: Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Another Latin Love Song: Another Latin Love Song/ Miss World is the only EP by English band The Belle Stars. Like its predecessors, it failed to chart.

Billy Milano: Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Angelica Jones: Angelica Jones is a singer actress and politician in the Philippines. And also known as a singer who sang the novelty song “ Miss Flawless ”.