Ronaldo (film)
Ronaldo is a 2015 British documentary film directed by Anthony Wonke. It follows the life and career of Portuguese professional footballer Cristiano Ronaldo. The film was released worldwide on 9 November 2015. A trailer for the film was released on 28 September 2015.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Ammoru
Ammoru( translation:" Goddess") is a 1995 Indian Telugu- language hagiographical supernatural film written, and directed by Kodi Ramakrishna. The film was produced by Shyam Prasad Reddy under MS Arts Unit. The film stars Soundarya and Suresh in the lead roles with Ramireddy, Vadivukkarasi, Kallu Chidambaram and Babumohan portraying supporting roles. The film revolves around Bhavani, who is a devotee of goddess Ammoru, the rest of the film revolves around her devotion towards the goddess who saves her from evil forces. The film's soundtrack was composed by Sri. The film's cinematography was handled by C. Vijay Kumar. The film became successful at the box office and received positive acclaim for visual effects. The film was dubbed and released in Tamil as" Amman" and in Hindi as" Maa Ki Shakti". The film was remade in Bengali as" Debi"( 2005) by Swapan Saha.

Battle in Outer Space
The film was released theatrically in the United States in the summer of 1960 by Columbia Pictures.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

L'affittacamere
L'affittacamere is a 1976 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti and starring Gloria Guida.

Abla Ki Shakti
Abla Ki Shakti is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Munshi Dil Lucknowi.