Wait and See
Wait and See may refer to:

Come and Get It
Come and Get It may refer to:

Wait and See (1998 film)
Wait and See is a 1998 Japanese film directed by Shinji Sōmai.

The Muppets Go to the Movies
The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".

Movie (disambiguation)
A movie is a type of video (see film). Movie, Movies, The Movie, or The Movies may also refer to:

The Diplomatic Pouch
The Diplomatic Pouch is a 1927 Soviet silent thriller film directed by Alexander Dovzhenko. The first two parts of the film are lost.

At the Movies
At the Movies may refer to:

Come and See
Come and See(" Idi i smotri Idzi i hlyadzi") is a 1985 Soviet war drama thriller film directed by Elem Klimov, with a screenplay written by Klimov and Ales Adamovich based on the 1978 book" I Am from the Fiery Village"( original title: Я из огненной деревни," Ya iz ognennoj Derevni", 1977) by Adamovich et al .. The film stars Aleksei Kravchenko and Olga Mironova. " Come and See" is generally viewed as one of the most important anti-war movies ever made, and one of the great movies in history with the most historically accurate depictions of the crimes on the Eastern Front. The film focuses upon the Nazi German occupation of Belarus, and primarily upon the events witnessed by a young Belarusian partisan teenager named Flyora, who—against his parents' wishes — joins the Belarusian resistance movement, and thereafter depicts the Nazi atrocities and human suffering inflicted upon the Eastern European villages' populace. The film mixes hyper- realism with an underlying surrealism, and philosophical existentialism with poetical, psychological, political and apocalyptic themes. " Come and See" had to fight eight years of censorship from the Soviet authorities before the film was finally allowed to be produced in its entirety to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the Soviet victory in World War II, and was a major box- office hit, with 28,900,000 admissions in the Soviet Union alone. The film was selected as the Soviet entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 58th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

Polly of the Movies
Polly of the Movies is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Jason Robards, Gertrude Short and Corliss Palmer. It is loosely based on Harry Leon Wilson's 1922 novel" Merton of the Movies" and its various film adaptations.

It's 2 Easy
It's 2 Easy is the second studio album Australian rock band the Easybeats. Released on 24 March 1966, the album featured four hit singles;" Wedding RingSad and Lonely and BlueWomen( Make Me Feel Alright)" and" Come And See Her".