Hodgson Vo-Tech High School
Paul M. Hodgson Vocational Technical High School is a public high school in Glasgow, Delaware and is one of four vocational- technical school high schools within the New Castle County Vocational- Technical School District, which includes Delcastle Technical High School near Wilmington, Howard High School of Technology in Wilmington, and St. Georges Technical High School in Middletown. Built in 1974, Hodgson has approximately 1,021 students enrolled in its full- time career training programs.

St. Patrick High School (New Jersey)
St. Patrick High School Academy was a co-educational four- year Catholic high school in Elizabeth, New Jersey, United States. The school operated under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark. The school was founded as a vocational school in 1863 as part of Saint Patrick's Parish in Elizabeth, making it the oldest parochial high school in New Jersey. The school was closed in June 2012 by the Newark Archdiocese in the face of increasing costs and declining enrollment, though administrators and parents affiliated with the defunct school opened an independent non-denominational school located on Morris Avenue in Elizabeth called" The Patrick School" in September 2012. As of the 2009- 10 school year, the school had an enrollment of 210 students and 16.8 faculty members( on an FTE basis), resulting in a student – teacher ratio of 12.5:1. St. Patrick High School had been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools since 1992. Following the closing of St. Patrick High School, faculty and staff led to the creation of The Patrick School, an independent private school that retains a connection to St. Patrick High School. In January 2018, NBA star Kyrie Irving, an alum of St. Patrick, donated a new gym to The Patrick School.

St. Patrick High School (Chicago)
St. Patrick High School is an all- male college preparatory Catholic high school located in the Belmont- Cragin neighborhood on the northwest side of Chicago, Illinois. Opened in 1861, it is among the oldest continuously open high schools in the Chicago area. The school is the oldest Catholic school in Chicago.

Bethlehem Area Vocational-Technical School
The Bethlehem Area Vocational- Technical School is a career& technical school located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States. It was officially started in 1965 when the Bethlehem Area School District, Northampton Area School District, and Saucon Valley School District combined resources to form one vocational- technical school for its students to attend.

École St. Patrick High School
École St. Patrick High School is a Catholic school in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada. It is operated by the Yellowknife Catholic School Board( YCS). The Catholic School system was established with the erection of the first K- 12 school in 1953. In 1961, a separate Catholic High School called St. Patrick High was completed. St Patrick High School burned down in 1964 but was quickly rebuilt. The two schools operated separately until 1967 when expansion of St. Patrick School allowed all grades within the same building. In the 1990s, the current St. Patrick High School was completed. The original school was demolished in 2000 and a separate elementary section was established and christened Weledeh Elementary School. Along with English, St. Patrick's offers the French immersion program for students in grades 9-12.

St. Patrick's High School (Ottawa)
St. Patrick's High School, located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, is a Catholic high school publicly funded under the Ontario school system as part of the Ottawa Catholic School Board. It was founded in 1929 by the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate.

Howard High School of Technology
Howard High School of Technology is a vocational- technical high school in Wilmington, Delaware and is the oldest of four high schools within the New Castle County Vocational- Technical School District, which includes Delcastle Technical High School in Newport, Hodgson Vo- Tech High School in Glasgow, and St. Georges Technical High School in St. Georges.

Columbia-Montour Area Vocational-Technical School
Columbia- Montour Area Vocational- Technical School is located in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It is a full- time area vocational- technical school that serves the youth of Columbia and Montour counties in Pennsylvania. CMAVTS offers 17 training areas to secondary students in grades 9 through 12. In ninth grade, students are put through an exploratory program where they go through four programs through the course of a school year. In tenth grade they choose their" major" to focus on, up until graduation in 12th grade. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the school reported an enrollment of 633 pupils, with 244 pupils receiving a free or reduced price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 43.5 teachers yielding a student teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of it teachers were rated" Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. The school is an extension of the educational programs of the seven participating school districts. The option of vocational education at the Columbia- Montour AVTS gives students a full range of educational choices. In addition to the traditional high school student, they also offer education options to adults with evening and summers with their adult education classes. The school is governed by a board that is composed of one member of each of its participating districts. These individuals are appointed from the respective District's school board. The Board does not levy taxes. Instead, each participating school district pays a tuition fee per pupil that attends from that public school district. The school also receives direct state and federal funding like special education funding and Carl D. Perkins Vocational and Technical Education Grant funds from the federal government. Each year, Columbia- Montour Area Vocational- Technical School's budget must be approved by the school boards of the participating districts.

St. Patrick High School (Portland, Michigan)
St. Patrick High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Portland, Michigan. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Rapids. St. Patrick School was established as a grade school in 1906 by the Sisters of St. Joseph. The high school was added in 1951.

St. Patrick High School (North Platte, Nebraska)
St. Patrick High School is a Roman Catholic high school in the city of North Platte, in the state of Nebraska in the Midwestern United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Island. St. Patrick High School is part of North Platte Catholic Schools, which also includes McDaid Elementary and Little Leprechaun Pre-School.