Leo V, King of Armenia
Leo V or Levon V( occasionally Levon VI;," Levon V"; 1342 – 29 November 1393), of the House of Lusignan, was the last Latin king of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia. He ruled from 1374 to 1375. Leo was described as" Leo V, King of Armenia" on his own personal seal, and as" Leo of Lusignan the Fifth" in the Middle French inscription on his cenotaph:.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Michael Glatthaar
Michael Glatthaar( born 3 May 1953) is a German scholar of the Middle Ages, specializing in the documents of the Carolingians and the study of Saint Boniface. A student of Hubert Mordek, he is the author of" Bonifatius und das Sakrileg"( 2004), a study of the saint's influence on the concept of sacrilege in the 8th- century church and afterward. In his study he identifies a number of" sententiae" in a Wurzburg manuscript( an important witness for the Collectio canonum Hibernensis) as connected to Boniface, proposing the title" Sententiae Bonifantianae Wirceburgensis" for the fifty- four" capitula" and chapter headings in the manuscript. He has argued for the authenticity of the 716 capitulary of Pope Gregory II which invested three papal legates with the organization of the church in Bavaria, and for its close connection to Boniface's sphere of influence. With Hubert Mordek and Klaus Zechiel- Eckes he is the editor of the" Admonitio generalis", an important Carolingian document.

Levon Ashotovich Grigorian
Levon Ashotovich Grigorian ( 7 September 1947 – 29 November 1975), was a Soviet Armenian chess player and son of the poet Ashot Grashi. He won Armenian Chess Championships in 1964, 1966, 1968, 1969, 1971, 1972 and Uzbekistani Chess Championships in 1974 and 1975. Grigorian was born in Yerevan, Armenia and died in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. His brother Karen Grigorian was a chess International Master.

Lévon Sayan
Lévon Sayan or Levon Sanosyan( born December 17, 1934) is a French- Armenian impresario and producer, as well as an operatic tenor.

Hubert Mordek
Hubert Mordek( 8 May 1939, Namslau- 17 March 2006, Karlsbad-Langensteinbach) was a German historian.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.