Mahisente Habte Mariam
Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam(born at Nekemte on 9 February 1937) is the widow of Prince Sahle Selassie, youngest son of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia. She is the daughter of "Dejazmach" Habte Mariam Gebre-Igziabiher, heir to the former Welega Kingdom of Leqa Naqamte, and later served as governor of Welega province. Her mother was "Woizero" Yeshimebet Guma, a prominent Welega Oromo noblewoman who was later married to Ras Mesfin Selashi, a leading Ethiopian aristocrat and close associate of Emperor Haile Selassie. Princess Mahisente is also the mother of Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie, the current President of the Crown Council of Ethiopia. Princess Mahisente worked for many years with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) before her retirement. The princess currently lives in the suburbs of Washington D.C. She is the last surviving daughter-in-law of Emperor Haile Selassie.

Prince Sahle Selassie
Prince Sahle Selassie (27 February 1932 – 24 April 1962) was the youngest child of Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen Asfaw of Ethiopia. His full title was "His Imperial Highness, Prince Sahle Selassie Haile Selassie".

Maria Thins
Maria Thins( c. 1593 – 27 December 1680) was the mother- in- law of Johannes Vermeer and a member of the Gouda Thins family.

Eldon Howard
Eldon Howard was a British screenwriter. She was the mother- in- law of Edward J. Danziger and wrote a number of the screenplays for films by his company Danziger Productions.

Vera Miletić
Vera Miletić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вера Милетић; 8 March 1920 – 7 September 1944) was a Serbian student and soldier. She was notable for being the mother of Mira Marković, posthumously making her the mother-in-law of Serbian president Slobodan Milošević.

Ermias Sahle Selassie
Prince Ermias Sahle Selassie( born 14 June 1960 in Addis Ababa) is the only son of Prince Sahle Selassie of Ethiopia and Princess Mahisente Habte Mariam. He is the grandson of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia, and furthermore of" Dejazmach" Habte Mariam Gebre- Igziabiher, the heir to the former Welega kingdom of Leqa Naqamte, and later served as governor of Welega province. Currently the prince is ninth in the line of succession to the vacant imperial throne.

Priscilla Pointer
Priscilla Marie Pointer( born May 18, 1924) is an American stage, film and television character actress. She began her career in the theater, including productions on Broadway. Later, Pointer moved to Hollywood to act in films and on television. She is the mother of Amy Irving, therefore making her the former mother- in- law of filmmakers Steven Spielberg and Bruno Barreto and the mother- in- law of documentary filmmaker Kenneth Bowser, Jr.

Doria Ragland
Doria L. Ragland( born September 2, 1956) is the mother of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, the mother- in- law of Prince Harry, and the maternal grandmother of Archie Mountbatten- Windsor, who is seventh in line to the British throne. She is a former makeup artist, business owner, yoga instructor, and former social worker who worked in the mental health sector from 2015 to 2018.

Marian Shields Robinson
Marian Lois Robinson( née Shields; born July 29, 1937) is the mother of Michelle Obama, former First Lady of the United States, and Craig Robinson, a basketball executive, and the mother- in- law of former U.S. President Barack Obama.

Baroness Gösta von dem Bussche-Haddenhausen
Baroness Gösta von dem Bussche- Haddenhausen( 26 January 1902 – 13 June 1996) was the mother of Prince Claus of the Netherlands, who was the Prince Consort of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, thus making her the mother- in- law of the former Dutch Queen. She is also the paternal grandmother of King Willem- Alexander of the Netherlands, who is the current Dutch King.