Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Ernst Pringsheim Jr.
Ernst Pringsheim Jr., Ernst Georg Pringsheim jun., or Ernst Georg Pringsheim( October 26, 1881 in Breslau, Niederschlesien – December 26, 1970 in Hannover) was a German Natural scientist(" Naturwissenschaftler") and plant physiologist( Pflanzenphysiologe). He taught as a professor for biochemistry and botany, in the University of Berlin, University of Prague, and Cambridge University.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Ernest Friedrich Gilg
Ernest( or Ernst) Friedrich Gilg( January 12, 1867 in Baden- Württemberg, Germany – October 11, 1933 in Berlin) was a German botanist.

Friedrich Paschen
Louis Carl Heinrich Friedrich Paschen( 22 January 1865- 25 February 1947), was a German physicist, known for his work on electrical discharges. He is also known for the Paschen series, a series of hydrogen spectral lines in the infrared region that he first observed in 1908. He established the now widely used Paschen curve in his article Über die zum Funken ü bergang in Luft, Wasserstoff und Kohlensäure bei verschiedenen Drücken erforderliche Potentialdifferenz. He is known for the Paschen- Back effect, which is the Zeeman effect's becoming non-linear at high magnetic field. He helped explain the hollow cathode effect in 1916.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Ernst Bessey
Ernst Athearn Bessey( February 20, 1877 – July 17, 1957) was an American mycologist, botanist and plant pathologist who served Professor of Mycology and Botany and Dean of the Graduate School at Michigan State University. He was the son of another famous botanist, Charles Edwin Bessey. Bessey was born in Ames, Iowa, where his father was professor of botany at Iowa Agricultural College. In 1884 he moved to Lincoln, Nebraska when his father moved to the University of Nebraska. Bessey attended the University of Nebraska, receiving a Bachelor of Arts in 1896, a Bachelor of Science in 1897, and a Master of Arts in 1898. He then moved to Germany where he did his doctoral work at the University of Halle under the supervision of Georg Klebs. After completing his Ph.D. in 1904 he served as an agricultural explorer United States Department of Agriculture visiting Russia, Central Asia and Algeria. After returning to the United States he worked for the USDA and Louisiana State University before moving to Michigan Agricultural College( now Michigan State University) in 1910. Bessey remained at Michigan State until his retirement in 1946. He served as Acting Dean of the Division of Applied Science from 1927 to 1930 and Dean of the Graduate School from 1930 to 1944. He was a founding member of the Mycological Society of America and served as its president in 1941. Ernst Bessey Hall at Michigan State University is named in his honor.

Arnošt Kreuz
Arnošt Kreuz( or Ernst Kreuz, 9 May 1912 – 9 February 1974), was a Czech football forward of German ethnicity who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.