Sabrosa Purr
Sabrosa Purr are a band from Los Angeles, California. They released their self- produced début EP," Music from the Violet Room" on Dangerbird Records( Silversun Pickups, Fitz and the Tantrums). The album was No. 6 on BAGeL Radio's list of the best albums of the year. The follow- up" Volaras EP" was released in 2009. Their full- length album," To the Crickets and the Ghosts", was released online in 2011; it was produced by Will Love and Tracy Chisholm( Stone Temple Pilots, Belly, Scott Weiland, Devics). The line- up consists of Will Love( vocals/ guitar), and Mahsa Zargaran( drums). Former members Jeffrey Jacob Mendel( guitar) and Angela Gail Mattson( bass guitar) left to focus on their band In The Valley Below in 2011. They reunited with Love and Zargaran to perform at the Sunset Strip Music Festival in 2013. They have performed a residency at Spaceland and have played on bills with Burning Brides, Silversun Pickups, Cold War Kids, Devics, Pedestrian, Far, and The Revolution Smile. They served as an opening act for Thirty Seconds to Mars on their tour supporting" A Beautiful Lie". The band has toured the US and Japan.

The Pit (song)
" The Pit" is an indie rock song performed by American alternative rock music group Silversun Pickups. The song was written by Silversun Pickups, and produced by Jacknife Lee. It serves as the second single from their third studio album," Neck of the Woods", which was released on May 8, 2012. The song reached the top five of the" Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in March 2013, with a peak of number three.

Widow's Weeds (Silversun Pickups album)
Widow's Weeds is the fifth studio album by American rock band Silversun Pickups. The album was released on June 7, 2019 through the band's own imprint, New Machine Recordings.

2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

Wampire
Wampire is an American indie rock band from Portland, Oregon, started by duo Rocky Tinder and Eric Phipps. The band has released 2 full- length albums on Polyvinyl Records; their debut album" Curiosity"( released on May 13, 2013) and the follow- up" Bazaar"( released on October 7, 2014).

Eloise Mignon
Eloise Mignon( born 18 September 1986) is an Australian actress. She began her career starring in children's television shows:" The Legacy of the Silver Shadow" and" Silversun". As well as the well known Australian soap opera" Neighbours". She possesses multiple citizenship, including Australia, France and the United States.

Neck of the Woods (disambiguation)
Neck of the Woods is a 2012 album by Silversun Pickups. Neck of the Woods may also refer to:

Silversun Pickups discography
The discography of Silversun Pickups, an American alternative rock band, consists of five studio albums and 19 singles.

Bloody Mary (Nerve Endings)
" Bloody Mary( Nerve Endings)", often referred to as just" Bloody Mary", is an indie rock song performed by American alternative rock music group Silversun Pickups. The song was written by Silversun Pickups, and produced by Jacknife Lee. It serves as the lead- off single to their third studio album," Neck of the Woods", which was released on May 8, 2012. The song reached the top ten of the" Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in May 2012, peaking at number seven in June.

Silversun Pickups
Silversun Pickups is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles that was formed in 2000. The band is composed of Brian Aubert, Nikki Monninger, Christopher Guanlao, and Joe Lester. The band released their debut EP," Pikul", in July 2005, and their debut album," Carnavas", on July 26, 2006. Their second album," Swoon", was released on April 14, 2009. " Neck of the Woods", the band's third album, came out on May 8, 2012. They issued their fourth album," Better Nature", on September 25, 2015. Their fifth album," Widow's Weeds", came out on June 7, 2019.