Lady of the Tropics
Lady of the Tropics is a 1939 American drama film directed by Jack Conway, starring Robert Taylor, Hedy Lamarr, and Joseph Schildkraut. The film was nominated for the Oscar for Best Cinematography.

My Favorite Spy
My Favorite Spy is a 1951 comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Bob Hope and Hedy Lamarr.

Comrade X
Comrade X is a 1940 American comedy spy film directed by King Vidor and starring Clark Gable, Hedy Lamarr, and Oskar Homolka.

Konjiki no Gash Bell!! Movie 2: Attack of the Mecha-Vulcan
Discotek Media released both movies on Blu-ray and DVD for the first time in North America on March 27, 2018.

Toman (film)
Toman( also known as" Zdeněk Toman") is a 2018 Czech Historical film by Ondřej Trojan. It focuses on Zdeněk Toman, who led Czechoslovak intelligence from 1945 to 1948. It premiered at Slavonice Film Festival on 2 August 2018.

Loves of Three Queens
Loves of Three Queens, also known as The Face That Launched a Thousand Ships, is a 1954 Italian anthology film. It was directed by Marc Allégret and Edgar G. Ulmer and stars Hedy Lamarr.

The Strange Woman
The Strange Woman is a 1946 American drama film noir thriller film and directed by Edgar G. Ulmer starring Hedy Lamarr, George Sanders and Louis Hayward. Originally released by United Artists, the film is now in the public domain.

Algiers (film)
Algiers is a 1938 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and starring Charles Boyer, Sigrid Gurie, and Hedy Lamarr. Written by John Howard Lawson, the film is about a notorious French jewel thief hiding in the labyrinthine native quarter of Algiers known as the Casbah. Feeling imprisoned by his self- imposed exile, he is drawn out of hiding by a beautiful French tourist who reminds him of happier times in Paris. The Walter Wanger production was a remake of the successful 1937 French film" Pépé le Moko", which derived its plot from the Henri La Barthe novel of the same name. " Algiers" was a sensation because it was the first Hollywood film starring Hedy Lamarr, whose beauty became the main attraction for film audiences. The film is notable as one of the sources of inspiration to the screenwriters of the 1942 Warner Bros. film" Casablanca", who wrote it with Hedy Lamarr in mind as the original female lead. Charles Boyer's depiction of the main character, Pepe Le Moko, inspired the Warner Bros. animated character, Pepé Le Pew. In 1966, the film entered the public domain in the United States because the claimants did not renew its copyright registration in the 28th year after publication.

Copper Canyon (film)
Copper Canyon is a 1950 Technicolor Western film directed by John Farrow and starring Ray Milland and Hedy Lamarr.

Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story
Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story (referred to onscreen as simply Bombshell) is a 2017 American biographical documentary film directed, written and co-edited by Alexandra Dean, about the life of actress and inventor Hedy Lamarr. It had its world premiere at the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival and released theatrically on November 24, 2017. The film was broadcast in the United States on the PBS biography series "American Masters" in May 2018.