Mike Huether: Mike Huether is an American philanthropist and politician from South Dakota. He was the mayor of Sioux Falls from 2010 to 2018.

Pepsi Battle of the Bands: Pepsi Battle of the Bands is a Pakistani television series, originally based on the concept of Battle of the Bands, first aired in 2002 on PTV Home. The show was revived in 2017.

Mobile Suit Gundam (1995 video game): Mobile Suit Gundam is a video game developed by Sunrise and published by Bandai for the PlayStation.

Sunrise equation: The sunrise equation as follows can be used to derive the time of sunrise and sunset for any solar declination and latitude in terms of local solar time when sunrise and sunset actually occur: where:

Battle of the Bands (disambiguation): Battle of the Bands is a contest in which two or more bands compete for the title of" best band". Battle of the Bands may also refer to:

Solfilmen: The Solfilmen is a weather program, broadcast on 21:24 UTC+ 1 every Friday on SVT2( as a part of the news program" Aktuellt") from the first Friday after Kiruna's first sunrise of the year to Midsummer. It shows the sunrise and sunset times for Lund, Stockholm( abbreviated as Sthlm in the Solfilmen), Lycksele, and Kiruna. The Solfilmen was started in March 1963 in Black- and- White format and stopped broadcasting in Midsummer 1963. However, it restarted in January 1969 in color format. At first, it monitored sunrise and sunset times for Stockholm, Lund and Luleå. SVT stopped monitoring sunrise and sunset times for Luleå and started monitoring sunrise and sunset times for Kiruna. In 2008, SVT started to monitor sunrise and sunset times for Lycksele.

Kingston Falls: Kingston Falls were an American Christian hardcore band, and they primarily played hardcore punk and metalcore. They were from Goshen, Indiana, where they formed in 2003 and disbanded in 2009. The primary members of the band were John Busenbark( vocals), Brent Zebell( Drums), Josiah Gaut( Guitar), Josh Battles( Guitar), and Jason Gough( Bass). They released three independently made extended plays;" Seasons of Despair"( 2003)," Kingston Falls"( 2004), and" Crusader"( 2005). Their first studio album," The Crescendo of Sirens", was released by Strike First Records, in 2006. The subsequent and last studio album," Armada on Mercury", was released by Facedown Records, in 2008.

Cinematic Sunrise: Cinematic Sunrise was a pop punk American band signed to Equal Vision Records. It consisted of Craig Owens( vocals) and Bradley Bell( piano), along with Bryan Beeler( guitar), Marcus VanKirk( bass), Nick Martin( guitar), and Dave Shapiro( drums).

King of Thorn: A feature anime film adaptation produced by Sunrise and directed by Kazuyoshi Katayama was released on May 1, 2010.

Kerr's Building: Kerr's Building is a heritage- listed shop at 84- 86 Churchill Street, Childers, Bundaberg Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built. It is also known as Crow& Kingston and Kingston and Kingston. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 25 June 1993.