Detective K: Secret of the Virtuous Widow
Detective K: Secret of the Virtuous Widow is a 2011 South Korean film based on the novel by Kim Tak- hwan, starring Kim Myung- min in the lead role. It was the 4th best selling Korean film of 2011.

The Virtuous Thief
The Virtuous Thief is a lost 1919 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.

Teen Witch
Teen Witch is a 1989 American teen fantasy comedy film directed by Dorian Walker, written by Robin Menken and Vernon Zimmerman, and starring Robyn Lively and Zelda Rubinstein. Originally pitched as a female version of" Teen Wolf"( 1985) and later reworked into a film of its own, the film features numerous impromptu rap musical numbers and has since become a cult classic, aided by midnight theater showings, regular airings on cable network channels, and on ABC Family's" 13 Nights of Halloween". The film is also popular for its music and 1980s fashion nostalgia.

The Secret of Blood
The Secret of Blood is a 1953 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.

El secreto de la solterona
El secreto de la solterona( also known as The Secret of the Spinster or The Secret of the Old Maid) is a 1945 Mexican mystery romantic drama film directed and co-written by Miguel M. Delgado, based on an 1868 book of the same name by E. Marlitt.

Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb
Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb is a 2014 American comedy adventure film directed by Shawn Levy and written by David Guion and Michael Handelman. It is the third and final installment in the" Night at the Museum" film series, and a sequel to. The film stars Ben Stiller, Robin Williams, Owen Wilson, Dan Stevens, and Ben Kingsley. In" Secret of the Tomb", security guard Larry Daley must travel to London to return the tablet of Ahkmenrah, an Egyptian artifact which causes the exhibits to come to life, before the magic disappears. Principal photography of" Secret of the Tomb" took place from January to May 2014 in London, England and British Columbia, Canada. The film premiered on December 11, 2014, at New York City's Ziegfeld Theater and was released in the United States on December 19, 2014. " Secret of the Tomb" grossed over$ 363 million at the box office. This film was dedicated to the memory of Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney who both died before the film's release. It marked the final on- screen performance for Williams, who died in August 2014.

The Secret of Mulan
The Secret of Mulan is the 1998 entry in the series of Secret of ... films released direct to video by UAV/ Sterling Entertainment Group, which generally were adaptations of popular theatrical animated films released in a given year, such as" The Secret of Anastasia" and" The Secret of the Hunchback". This film, written by Katherine Lawrence and Christy Marx, is based on the poem about Hua Mulan, which had been made as a film by Walt Disney Pictures the same year as" Mulan", and combined with elements from another popular 1998 animated film," A Bug's Life". The film is one of the early collaborations of the composer- lyricist team of Megan Cavallari and David Goldsmith, and some copies were released with a CD soundtrack attached to the back cover.

The Secret of the Sword
He-Man and She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword is a 1985 American animated film produced by Filmation. Although released before the series  began, the film was a compilation of the first five episodes with minor edits made. The film was part of a trend of theatrically released animations created by producers of TV shows and toys during the 1980s. "The Secret of the Sword" was first shown on television, in its original episodic form, during the week of the premiere of the She-Ra series, from September 9, 1985 to September 13, 1985. For series purposes, the film is known as the storyline "The Sword of She-Ra". He-Man and She-Ra, Secret of the Sword Comic Book was published in 1985 by Mattel Toys as part of their "The Secret of the Sword Sweepstakes. " The inside front cover is the contest entry page. The comic was handed out at theaters prior to seeing the film. The story runs six pages and recaps the film. Full-color, comic book-sized, 8-pages.

Detective K: Secret of the Living Dead
Detective K: Secret of the Living Dead is a 2018 South Korean action adventure comedy film directed by Kim Sok- yun, starring Kim Myung- min, Oh Dal- su, Kim Ji-won and Kim Bum.

Detective K: Secret of the Lost Island
Detective K: Secret of the Lost Island( lit." Joseon Detective: The Disappearance of the Laborer's Daughter") is a 2015 South Korean period comedy adventure film directed by Kim Sok- yun. It is the sequel to 2011's and is the 9th highest grossing film of 2015. A sequel, titled, was released on February 8, 2018.