As the Bell Rings (Taiwanese TV series)
As the Bell Rings is the Taiwan adaptation of" As the Bell Rings". It is adapted from the original series" Quelli dell' Intervallo" by Disney Channel Italy and" As the Bell Rings".

Notes from the Field
Notes from the Field( also known as Notes from the Field: Doing Time in Education and Notes from the Field: Doing Time in Education, The California Chapter) is a 2015 play, written and performed by Anna Deavere Smith. The play was first presented by the Berkeley Repertory Theatre, before touring and being adapted into a television movie. It discusses issues surrounding race, class and America's school- to- prison pipeline.

Bell of Good Luck
The Bell of Good Luck is a large bell located in Foquan Temple( 佛泉寺) in Pingdingshan, Henan, China. It is close to the Spring Temple Buddha, the world's tallest Buddha statue. The bell weighs 116 metric tons, and is 8.108 metres in height and 5.118 metres in diameter at its widest point. The Bell of Good Luck therefore, at the time of its construction, claimed the title of heaviest functioning bell in the world. The bell was cast in December 2000 and first rung at midnight on New Year's Eve the same month. The bell's shoulder section is adorned with 36 lotus petal patterns.

Notes from the Outernet
Notes from the Outernet is a 2011 limited edition book of intimate photographs taken by Jared Leto around the world throughout 2009 and 2010. It includes previously unreleased photos from his personal collection. It was launched in November 2011. Signed and numbered copies of the book were available for pre-order from January 2011. Leto also launched a" Notes from the Outernet" website featuring information, pictures, and multimedia materials in the field of art, music, lifestyles, and popular culture. On January 30, 2012," Notes from the Outernet" received a nomination in the Best Book category for the 2012 NME Awards.

Notes from the Past
Notes from the Past may refer to:

Liberty Bell
The Liberty Bell is an iconic symbol of American independence, located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Once placed in the steeple of the Pennsylvania State House( now renamed Independence Hall), the bell today is located in the Liberty Bell Center in Independence National Historical Park. The bell was commissioned in 1752 by the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly from the London firm of Lester and Pack( known subsequently as the Whitechapel Bell Foundry), and was cast with the lettering" Proclaim LIBERTY Throughout all the Land unto all the Inhabitants Thereof", a Biblical reference from the Book of Leviticus. The bell first cracked when rung after its arrival in Philadelphia, and was twice recast by local workmen John Pass and John Stow, whose last names appear on the bell. In its early years, the bell was used to summon lawmakers to legislative sessions and to alert citizens about public meetings and proclamations. Although no immediate announcement was made of the Second Continental Congress's vote for independence—and so the bell could not have rung on July 4, 1776, related to that vote—bells were rung on July 8 to mark the reading of the United States Declaration of Independence. While there is no contemporary account of the Liberty Bell ringing, most historians believe it was one of the bells rung. After American independence was secured, the bell fell into relative obscurity until, in the 1830s, the bell was adopted as a symbol by abolitionist societies, who dubbed it the" Liberty Bell". The bell acquired its distinctive large crack some time in the early 19th century— a widespread story claims it cracked while ringing after the death of Chief Justice John Marshall in 1835. The bell became famous after an 1847 short story claimed that an aged bellringer rang it on July 4, 1776, upon hearing of the Second Continental Congress' vote for independence. Despite the fact that the bell did not ring for independence on that July 4, the tale was widely accepted as fact, even by some historians. Beginning in 1885, the city of Philadelphia — which owns the bell—allowed it to go to various expositions and patriotic gatherings. The bell attracted huge crowds wherever it went, additional cracking occurred, and pieces were chipped away by souvenir hunters. The last such journey occurred in 1915, after which the city refused further requests. After World War II, Philadelphia allowed the National Park Service to take custody of the bell, while retaining ownership. The bell was used as a symbol of freedom during the Cold War and was a popular site for protests in the 1960s. It was moved from its longtime home in Independence Hall to a nearby glass pavilion on Independence Mall in 1976, and then to the larger Liberty Bell Center adjacent to the pavilion in 2003. The bell has been featured on coins and stamps, and its name and image have been widely used by corporations.

The Bell Notes
The Bell Notes were an early American rock and roll group from the East Meadow area of Long Island, New York. The Bell Notes were regular performers in The Bronx in the 1950s, and performed at a bar owned by the father of Ray Tabano; he and Steven Tyler( of Aerosmith) occasionally played between Bell Notes sets and covered their song" I've Had It". New York DJ( WADO) Alan Fredericks saw the group play at a record hop on Long Island and saw the group's potential. In 1958 he recorded" I've Had It" at a recording studio in Times Square, NY. The session cost a total of$ 50. He peddled the song around town and the group was eventually signed by Bob Shad. He was starting up a new label and thought the band would be ideal because of the raw sound of the recording and the catchy tune. " I've Had It", released on Time Records, was a nationwide hit in the U.S. in March 1959, peaking at# 6 on the" Billboard" Hot 100. They released four further singles in 1959 –" Old Spanish TownThat's Right You're a Big Girl Now", and" White Buckskin Sneakers& Checkerboard Socks" – but only" Old Spanish Town" charted, peaking at# 76. The band was managed by Natalie Fredericks. In 1960, they signed with Madison Records and released two singles," Shortnin' Bread" and" Friendly Star" followed. " Shortnin' Bread" hit# 96 in the U.S. and was their last hit; they broke up by 1962. In 1964, the group appeared in the series of Nu- Trading Rock'n Roll Trading Cards.

Inter (band)
Inter was a British band active in the late 1990s and closely associated with the post-Britpop pop punk scene.

I've Had It (The Bell Notes song)
" I've Had It" is a song written by Carl Bonura and Ray Ceroni and performed by The Bell Notes. It reached# 6 on the U.S. pop chart and# 19 on the U.S. R&B chart in 1959. The song was ranked# 62 on" Billboard's" Year- End Hot 100 singles of 1959.

Notes from the Underground
Notes from the Underground or Notes from Underground may refer to: