Hans Eysenck
Hans Jürgen Eysenck (4 March 1916 – 4 September 1997) was a German-born British psychologist who spent his professional career in Great Britain. He is best remembered for his work on intelligence and personality, although he worked on other issues within psychology. At the time of his death, Eysenck was the living psychologist most frequently cited in the peer-reviewed scientific journal literature. A 2019 study found him to be the most controversial of 55 intelligence researchers. Eysenck's work has undergone reevaluation since his death. In 2019, 26 of his papers (all coauthored with Ronald Grossarth-Maticek) were "considered unsafe" by an enquiry on behalf of King's College London.

Mary Horner Lyell
Mary Horner Lyell (9 October 1808 – 24 April 1873) was a conchologist and geologist. She was married to the notable British geologist Charles Lyell and assisted him in his scientific work. She never became widely known in her own right, although it is believed by historians that she likely made major contributions to her husband's work.

Sybil B. G. Eysenck
Sybil Bianca Giuliett Eysenck (born 1927) is a personality psychologist and the widow of the personality psychologist Hans Eysenck, with whom she collaborated.

Alan McKenzie
Alan McKenzie is a British comics writer and editor known for his work at" 2000 AD".

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

J. A. Lawrence
Judith Ann Blish( née Lawrence — born c. March 1940), known professionally as Judith L. Blish, Judy Blish, and J.A. Lawrence, is an American sketch artist and short fiction writer. She is most well known for her work on the series of" Star Trek" episode novelizations, alongside her husband James Blish, published from 1967 to 1978. She has been active in preserving, and promoting her husband's work.

Mordechai Rotenberg
Mordechai Rotenberg( 1932) is an Israeli professor of social work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".