Kaoru Hatoyama
After the elections of 2009, she became more widely known as the grandmother of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and his politician brother Kunio Hatoyama.

Mona Hopton Bell
Mona Hopton Bell( 1867- 1940) was a British artist, best known for her portraits of civic figures. She was the grandmother of the painter Jean H. Bell.

Thomas Fermor, 1st Earl of Pomfret
Thomas Fermor, 1st Earl of Pomfret (1698–8 July 1753) was an English nobleman. He was the only son of William Fermor, 1st Baron Leominster by his third wife Lady Sophia Osborne. He succeeded to his father's barony on his death in 1711 as 2nd Baron Leominster. The Earldom of Pomfret was created for him on 27 December 1721, named after Pontefract in Yorkshire. In September 1727 he was appointed master of the horse to Caroline, queen consort to the newly-acceded George II - Fermor's wife was also made one of the ladies of Caroline's bedchamber. Caroline died in November 1737 and in September 1738 Thomas and his wife took a three years' tour in France and Italy, visiting Florence, Bologna, Venice, Augsburg, Frankfurt and Brussels.

Gülbahar Hatun (wife of Mehmed II)
Gülbahar Hatun( 1432 – 1492) was the consort of Sultan Mehmed II, and mother of Sultan Bayezid II of the Ottoman Empire and the grandmother of Selim I.

Hubba bint Hulail
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.

Charlotte Seymour, Duchess of Somerset
Charlotte Seymour, Duchess of Somerset( c. 1693 – 21 January 1773), formerly Lady Charlotte Finch, was the second wife of Charles Seymour, 6th Duke of Somerset. Lady Charlotte was the first of twenty- one' ladies of quality and distinction' who signed Thomas Coram's first petition, presented to King George II in 1735, calling for the establishment of the Foundling Hospital.

Anne Denman
Anne Denman( 1587–1661) was born in Olde Hall, Retford, Nottinghamshire. Through a fortunate second marriage with Thomas Aylesbury, she became the grandmother of Lady Anne Hyde, Duchess of York and great- grandmother of Queen Mary II and Queen Anne.

Hannah Arnold
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.

Tjuyu
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.

Lady Charlotte Finch
Lady Charlotte Finch ("née" Fermor; 14 February 1725 – 11 July 1813) served as royal governess to the children of King George III and Queen Charlotte for over thirty years, holding the position from 1762 to 1793. She was born to Thomas Fermor, 1st Earl of Pomfret, and his wife Henrietta Louisa Jeffreys, both of whom held court appointments. The couple were educated and frequently travelled with their growing brood of children to the continent. Charlotte, like her sisters, was well-educated; in 1746, she married the Hon. William Finch and had issue including George Finch, 9th Earl of Winchilsea. An accomplished woman, Finch gained her appointment as royal governess in August 1762 upon the birth of George, Prince of Wales, the eldest son of King George and Queen Charlotte. Finch's duties included oversight of the royal nursery and all the staff employed therein, as well as organising lessons for the children. Finch oversaw the princes' education until they became old enough to live in their own households under the watch of governors, while the six princesses remained under her supervision until they turned 21. Finch retired from her role in 1793, though she continued to correspond with members of the royal family and receive gifts from them.