Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Call Me (film)
Call Me is a 1988 American erotic thriller film about a woman who strikes up a relationship with a stranger over the phone, and in the process becomes entangled in a murder. The film was directed by Sollace Mitchell, and stars Patricia Charbonneau, Stephen McHattie, and Boyd Gaines. After its theatrical run, the movie was released on videocassette by Vestron Video.

Dance with Death (film)
Dance with Death is an American film starring Maxwell Caulfield.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Dance with a Stranger (band)
Dance with a Stranger is a Norwegian rock band from Kristiansund.

Sex with a Stranger
Sex with a Stranger is a 1986 pornographic horror film directed by Chris Monte and written by Cash Markman and Chad Randolph.

Dance with a Stranger
Dance with a Stranger is a 1985 British tragedy film directed by Mike Newell. Telling the story of Ruth Ellis, the last woman to be hanged in Britain( 1955), the film won critical acclaim, and aided the careers of two of its leading actors, Miranda Richardson and Rupert Everett. The screenplay was by Shelagh Delaney, author of" A Taste of Honey", and was her third major screenplay. The story of Ellis, which this film dramatises, has resonance in Britain since it provided part of the background to the extended national debates which led to the progressive abolition of capital punishment from 1965 on. The theme song" Would You Dance With a Stranger" was performed by Mari Wilson, and was also released as a single.

Dance with a Stranger (disambiguation)
Dance with a Stranger may refer to one of the following:

Lisa (1990 film)
Lisa is a 1990 American thriller/ drama film about a teenage girl's infatuation with a stranger that, unknown to her, is a serial killer- stalker. The film was directed and co-written by Gary Sherman.

Miley Naa Miley Hum
Miley Naa Miley Hum is a 2011 Bollywood film directed by Tanveer Khan, and marking the debut of Chirag Paswan, son of politician Ram Vilas Paswan. The film stars Kangana Ranaut, Neeru Bajwa and Sagarika Ghatge. The film released on 4 November 2011. The film went unnoticed and was considered a box office disaster. Subsequently, Paswan turned to politics and was elected to the Jamui seat in Bihar in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.