Bill Smith (footballer, born 1897): William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.

A Whirlwind of Whiskers: A Whirlwind of Whiskers is a 1917 silent film short comedy directed by Alfred Santell and starring Lloyd Hamilton, Bud Duncan and Marin Sais. It was produced by the Kalem Company and released by the General Film Company.

The Unknown (1915 comedy film): The Unknown was a 1915 film directed by J. E. Mathews released in support of" The Sunny South or The Whirlwind of Fate"( 1915). It is considered a lost film.

Thomas Scott (diver): Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.

Alfred Santell: Alfred Allen Santell, also known as Al Santell (1895–1981), was an American film director and film producer. Santell directed over 60 films, beginning in 1917, most of which were two-reel comedy short subjects for Hal Roach and other productions companies. Taking up feature films from about 1924, Santell worked for several major studios. In 1934, he was married to actress Jane N. Keithley; they remained married until her death. He left the business in 1947 after a contract dispute with Republic Studios. Santell died on June 19, 1981 in Salinas, California.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Barot House: Barot House is a suspense- thriller- drama film about an upper middle- class Indian family caught in the whirlwind of murder and crime.

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.