Lang Propellers
Lang Propellers was a British company that manufactured aircraft propellers. The company operated independently from 1913 to 1936.

J & E Wood
J& E Wood was a company that manufactured stationary steam engines. It was based in the Bolton in Greater Manchester, England. The company produced large steam- driven engines for textile mills in Lancashire and elsewhere.

Nestlé
Nestlé S.A.  is a Swiss multinational food and drink processing conglomerate corporation headquartered in Vevey, Vaud, Switzerland. It is the largest food company in the world, measured by revenues and other metrics, since 2014. It ranked No. 64 on the Fortune Global 500 in 2017 and No. 33 on the 2016 edition of the Forbes Global 2000 list of largest public companies. Nestlé's products include baby food, medical food, bottled water, breakfast cereals, coffee and tea, confectionery, dairy products, ice cream, frozen food, pet foods, and snacks. Twenty-nine of Nestlé's brands have annual sales of over CHF1 billion (about), including Nespresso, Nescafé, Kit Kat, Smarties, Nesquik, Stouffer's, Vittel, and Maggi. Nestlé has 447 factories, operates in 189 countries, and employs around 339,000 people. It is one of the main shareholders of L'Oreal, the world's largest cosmetics company. Nestlé was formed in 1905 by the merger of the Anglo-Swiss Milk Company, established in 1866 by brothers George and Charles Page, and Farine Lactée Henri Nestlé, founded in 1866 by Henri Nestlé. The company grew significantly during the First World War and again following the Second World War, expanding its offerings beyond its early condensed milk and infant formula products. The company has made a number of corporate acquisitions, including Crosse & Blackwell in 1950, Findus in 1963, Libby's in 1971, Rowntree Mackintosh in 1988, Klim in 1998, and Gerber in 2007. The company has seen various controversies, facing criticism and boycotts over its marketing of baby formula as an alternative to breastfeeding in developing countries, its reliance on child labour in cocoa production, and its production and promotion of bottled water.

AvtoKuban
The Krasnodar mechanical plant of non-standard equipment, commonly known as AvtoKuban, was a Soviet/ Russian company that manufactured buses based on truck chassis.

Berna (disambiguation)
Berna was a Swiss company that manufactured buses and trucks. It may also refer to:

Rick-Tone
Rick- Tone is a United States company that manufactured guitar amplifiers in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Chain Belt Company
Chain Belt Company was a company that manufactured chain belts that replace the leather belting used to drive agricultural equipment at the time.

Emil Corsillo Inc
Emil Corsillo Inc. was a company that manufactured hairpieces; primarily for the entertainment industry.

Skatterbrane
Skatterbrane was a company that manufactured guitar pickups. The company and website shut down in 2015 or 2016.

Bottle Caps (candy)
Bottle Caps are sweet tablet candies made to look like metal soda bottle caps in grape, cola, orange, root beer, and cherry flavors. They are sold by Nestlé under their Willy Wonka Candy Company brand. Bottle Caps have a sour but slightly sweet taste to them, not wholly dissimilar to Smarties Candy Company's "SmartiesRockets" outside the U.S.), SweeTarts or Runts, but with soda flavors and altered shapes. Bottle Caps come in purple packages weighing 0.73 oz (16 g) and containing approximately 24 pieces. They also can be purchased in a box containing 48 packages, or in small individually wrapped pouches of three candies, which can be given out as Halloween treats in the U.S. They may also come in a box with 6 oz (170 g) of the candies. In the past, Bottle Caps contained a lemon-lime flavor instead of the current cherry flavor. There was also a time when Willy Wonka Co. made Fizzy Bottle Caps (called Fizzy Jerkz in the UK). These were a little bit like the original but contained ingredients to make them fizz when eaten, making them a bit more flavorful. In early 2009, each individual piece of Bottle Caps candy was made much smaller than they had been in the past. The underside was flattened, and no longer resembles the underside of a bottle cap. The paper tube packaging retains the original size and shape.