Coast Guard Museum Northwest
The Coast Guard Museum Northwest( sometimes written as" Coast Guard Museum/ Northwest") is dedicated to preserving the heritage of the United States Coast Guard in the Pacific Northwest. The museum is located on the property of Coast Guard Station Seattle on the Elliott Bay waterfront south of Downtown, Seattle, Washington. It covers the full range of Coast Guard roles, ranging from protecting shores, lives and property to lighthouses and lightships, from life- saving stations to rescue boats, from buoy tenders to icebreakers and weather ships and from modern aircraft to patrol boats and cutters. The museum admittance is free of charge.

Tain & District Museum
The Tain& District Museum, is located in Tain, Ross- shire, Scotland. It is volunteer- run and is open April to October part of the Tain Through Time visitor centre. The museum was established in 1966 and has a collection of silver made in the local area.

KM Arau
KM" Arau" is an Offshore Patrol Vessel( OPV) operated by the Malaysian Coast Guard. She was the second ship transferred from the Japan Coast Guard together with KM" Pekan" and KM" Marlin". KM" Arau" was formerly known as JCG Oki( PL- 01) in the Japan Coast Guard.

Japan Coast Guard Museum
The Japan Coast Guard Museum is a museum dedicated to the Japanese Coast Guard in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It is located on the grounds of the Japan Coast Guard Academy.

List of Japan Coast Guard vessels and aircraft
List of Japan Coast Guard vessels and aircraft.

Japan Coast Guard Museum Yokohama
The is a museum in Naka -ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, dedicated to maritime security and the Japan Coast Guard. It opened on 10 December 2004.

Japan Coast Guard Museum
The Japan Coast Guard Museum is a museum dedicated to the Japanese Coast Guard in Kure, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It is located on the grounds of the Japan Coast Guard Academy.

Puerto Rico National Guard Museum
The Puerto Rico National Guard Museum is a museum in San Juan, Puerto Rico dedicated to the Puerto Rico National Guard. The museum was inaugurated in August 18, 2002 by Major General Emilio Díaz Colón.

Belait District Museum
Belait District Museum is a museum opened in 2016 in the Belait District of Brunei.

Toronto Maritime Museum
The Toronto Maritime Museum or Toronto Waterfront Museum or The Pier Museum( prior to 2000, Marine Museum or Marine Museum of Upper Canada) was a museum in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It celebrated the history of the Toronto waterfront, the history of commerce on the Great Lakes, and the role of maritime commerce in the development of the City of Toronto.