Susana Freyre
Susana Freyre is an Argentine actress. She appeared in 30 films and television shows between 1945 and 1984. She starred in the film" Three Loves in Rio", which was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.

William Henry Locke
William Henry Locke was a chaplain for the Union during the American Civil War. In his book," The Story of the Regiment", he told the story of the 11th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment.

The Indian Fighter
The Indian Fighter is a 1955 American CinemaScope and Technicolor Western film directed by Andre de Toth and based upon an original story by Robert L. Richards. The film was the first of star Kirk Douglas's Bryna Productions that was released through United Artists. The film co-stars Elsa Martinelli, Walter Matthau, Kirk Douglas's ex-wife Diana Douglas and Walter Abel.

Kirk Douglas
Kirk Douglas( born Issur Danielovitch; December 9, 1916) is an American actor, producer, director and author. A centenarian, he is one of the last surviving stars of the film industry's Golden Age. After an impoverished childhood with immigrant parents and six sisters, he made his film debut in" The Strange Love of Martha Ivers"( 1946) with Barbara Stanwyck and Lizabeth Scott. Douglas soon developed into a leading box- office star throughout the 1950s, known for serious dramas, including westerns and war movies. During his career, he appeared in more than 90 movies. Douglas is known for his explosive acting style, which he displayed as a criminal defense attorney in" Town Without Pity"( 1961). Douglas became an international star through positive reception for his leading role as an unscrupulous boxing hero in" Champion"( 1949), which brought him his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor. Other early films include" Young Man with a Horn"( 1950), playing opposite Lauren Bacall and Doris Day," Ace in the Hole" opposite Jan Sterling( 1951), and" Detective Story"( 1951), for which he received a Golden Globe nomination as Best Actor in a Drama. He received a second Oscar nomination for his dramatic role in" The Bad and the Beautiful"( 1952), opposite Lana Turner, and his third nomination for portraying Vincent van Gogh in" Lust for Life"( 1956), which landed him a second Golden Globe nomination. In 1955, he established Bryna Productions, which began producing films as varied as" Paths of Glory"( 1957) and" Spartacus"( 1960). In those two films he collaborated with the then- relatively- unknown director Stanley Kubrick, taking lead roles in both films. Douglas has been praised for helping to break the Hollywood blacklist by having Dalton Trumbo write" Spartacus" with an official on- screen credit. He produced and starred in" Lonely Are the Brave"( 1962), considered a classic, and" Seven Days in May"( 1964), opposite Burt Lancaster, with whom he made seven films. In 1963, he starred in the Broadway play" One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", a story that he purchased and later gave to his son Michael Douglas, who turned it into an Oscar- winning film. As an actor and philanthropist, Douglas has received three Academy Award nominations, an Oscar for Lifetime Achievement, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. As an author, he has written ten novels and memoirs. He is No. 17 on the American Film Institute's list of the greatest male screen legends of classic Hollywood cinema, the highest- ranked living person on the list. After barely surviving a helicopter crash in 1991 and then suffering a stroke in 1996, he has focused on renewing his spiritual and religious life. He lives with his second wife( of years), Anne Buydens, a producer.

The Story of Three Loves
The Story of Three Loves( also known as Equilibrium) is a 1953 American Technicolor romantic anthology film made by MGM. It consists of three stories," The Jealous LoverMademoiselle", and" Equilibrium". The film was produced by Sidney Franklin. " Mademoiselle" was directed by Vincente Minnelli, while Gottfried Reinhardt directed the other two segments. The screenplays were written by John Collier(" The Jealous LoverEquilibriumEquilibriumMademoiselle"), and George Froeschel(" EquilibriumMademoiselle"). " The Jealous Lover" stars Moira Shearer and James Mason;" Mademoiselle" features Leslie Caron, Farley Granger, Ethel Barrymore, and Ricky Nelson; Pier Angeli and Kirk Douglas headline" Equilibrium". The music score is by Miklós Rózsa. The soundtrack featured the 18th Variation from Sergei Rachmaninoff's" Rhapsody on a Theme of Paganini", performed by the pianist Jakob Gimpel for" The Jealous Lover". Choreography for" The Jealous Lover" was by Frederick Ashton.

Hubi Meisel
Hubi J. Meisel( born 31 July 1974) is a German progressive rock vocalist and producer who was born in Frankfurt.

Morteza Atashzamzam
Morteza Atashzamzam is an Iranian film director and producer who was born in 1977 in Isfahan, Iran.

Sidney Franklin (director)
Sidney Arnold Franklin( March 21, 1893 – May 18, 1972) was an American film director and producer. Franklin, like William C. de Mille, specialized in adapting literary works or Broadway stage plays. His brother Chester Franklin( 1889 – 1954) also became a director during the silent film era best known for directing the early Technicolor film" The Toll of the Sea".

Three Loves Has Nancy
Three Loves Has Nancy is a 1938 romantic comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Janet Gaynor, Robert Montgomery and Franchot Tone. It is set in New York City.

Three Loves in Rio
Three Loves in Rio is a 1959 Brazilian- Argentine drama film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen. It was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.