Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Estradas de Portugal
In November 2007, EP Estradas de Portugal SA became the successor to EP - Estradas de Portugal, E.P.E. (Estradas de Portugal or EP) which had been the agency responsible for administering the roads in Portugal since 2004. EP Estradas de Portugal SA is a company which is 100% owned by the Government of Portugal has a 75-year concession to develop, plan and maintain the road network of Portugal, with the exception of most of the county's motorways, which are run by BRISA SA.

Auto-Estradas do Atlântico
Auto- Estradas do Atlântico, Concessões Rodoviárias de Portugal, S.A., is a highway management concessionaire in Portugal.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

A2 motorway (Portugal)
The A2 is a major motorway( freeway) in Portugal. It connects 25 de Abril Bridge( Lisbon, the capital of Portugal), to Albufeira in the Algarve, the country's southern- most mainland province. The first section of the A2 was opened in 1966 and the last one was completed in 2002. It extends for fractionally more than 240 km( 149 miles). The A2 is operated by Brisa- Auto- estradas de Portugal. Sections of the road carry very little traffic.

Infraestruturas de Portugal
Infraestruturas de Portugal, S.A.( IP) is a state- owned company which resulted from the merger of Rede Ferroviária Nacional( REFER) and Estradas de Portugal( EP). It manages the Portuguese rail and road infrastructure.

Rede Ferroviária Nacional
REFER, Rede Ferroviária Nacional, EP( i.e." National Railway Network") was the Portuguese rail infrastructure manager. It was a state- owned company and was created to manage the Portuguese rail infrastructure, previously under control of CP, which became exclusively a train service operator. It was incorporated on 29 April 1997 by government decree no. 104/97 and was 100% owned by the Portuguese state. As per a decree- law dated 29 May 2015 and taking effect as of 1 June 2015, Portugal's rail infrastructure manager REFER, EP has merged with Estradas de Portugal S.S., the Portuguese road manager, creating a new company called ‘ Infraestruturas de Portugal, S.A. ’ All duties and competences of Estradas de Portugal and REFER, EP, have therefore been transferred to Infraestruturas de Portugal.

Jorge de Brito
Jorge Artur Rego de Brito (7 November 1927 – 2 August 2006) was a Portuguese businessman, founder of Banco Intercontinental Português (BIP) and Brisa, who served as the 28th president of sports club S.L. Benfica, succeeding João Santos. During Brito's term at Benfica, from 24 April 1992 to 7 January 1994, its football team won the Taça de Portugal in 1993. At the end of that year, during the following season, he resigned due to financial difficulties dating back to "Verão Quente" (Hot Summer), when Benfica did not sign new players and lost two players to Lisbon rivals Sporting, thus not completing his triennal term. He was succeeded by Manuel Damásio. Associate number 88, Brito was awarded with the Águia de Ouro (Golden Eagle) by Benfica on 14 December 1973, during the presidency of Duarte Borges Coutinho. Brito died in Lisbon, aged 78, after a long illness, and was buried at Prazeres Cemetery.

A3 motorway (Portugal)
A3 is a motorway in northern Portugal, connecting Valença and Porto via Braga to the Portugal – Spain border, on the Minho River at Tui, where it connects to the Autovía A- 55 in Galicia( Spain). The A3 is operated by Brisa- Auto- estradas de Portugal. It has a total length of 112 km and coincides with the European itinerary number 1. This motorway leaves the urban IC23 circular motorway around Porto and Gaia. This motorway passes through Maia, Braga and to the border town Valença. The motorway is a toll road, and most of the route north is climbing steadily until reaching Spain. The motorway is linked by a bridge on the border and another motorway to link with Vigo and Pontevedra which is in Galicia. It is under the care of Brisa S.A Sections of the road carry very little traffic.

Brisa – Auto-estradas de Portugal
Brisa – Auto-estradas de Portugal, S.A. is a Portugal-based international transportation company. The group's largest business area is highway management, in which it is the largest concessionaire in its home country. Founded in 1972 by Jorge de Brito, Brisa also has operations in countries including the United States and the Netherlands. Since 2000 Brisa's largest shareholder has been the investment company Grupo José de Mello, which owns over 30% of its stock through subsidiaries. The Spanish infrastructure company Abertis holds around 15% of the firm. The company is listed on the Lisbon Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the benchmark PSI-20 and Euronext 100 indices.