Val Lewton
Val Lewton( May 7, 1904 – March 14, 1951) was a Russian- American novelist, film producer and screenwriter best known for a string of low- budget horror films he produced for RKO Pictures in the 1940s. His son, also named Val Lewton, was a painter and exhibition designer.

Bryan Gordon
Bryan Gordon is an American film and television director, writer and producer who is primarily known for directing comedy television shows.

Nomi Ruiz
Nomi Ruiz is an American singer, songwriter, actress, essayist and producer who is also known for her work as Jessica 6.

Jack Schwarz
Jack Irving Schwarz( December 19, 1896 January 6, 1987) was a producer of the Frank Buck movie" Tiger Fangs".

Craig Russell (English actor)
Craig Russell( born 16 June 1977) is an English actor, writer, producer who is known for his film& television work.

Baby Face (film)
Baby Face is a 1933 American drama film directed by Alfred E. Green for Warner Brothers, starring Barbara Stanwyck as Lily Powers, and featuring George Brent. Based on a story by Darryl F. Zanuck( under the pseudonym Mark Canfield)," Baby Face" is about an attractive young woman who uses sex to advance her social and financial status. Twenty- five- year- old John Wayne plays a supporting role as one of Powers' lovers. Marketed with the salacious tagline" She had" it" and made" it" pay", the film's open discussion of sex made it one of the most notorious films of the Pre -Code Hollywood era and helped bring the era to a close. Mark A. Vieira, author of" Sin in Soft Focus: Pre- Code Hollywood" has said, Baby Face" was certainly one of the top 10 films that caused the Production Code to be enforced."

William Victor Trevor Rooper
Captain William Victor Trevor Rooper( 10 May 1897 – 9 October 1917) was a British World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories, before becoming Xavier Dannhuber's seventh victim.

The Seventh Victim
The Seventh Victim is a 1943 American horror film noir directed by Mark Robson and starring Tom Conway, Jean Brooks, Isabel Jewell, Kim Hunter, and Hugh Beaumont. Written by DeWitt Bodeen and Charles O'Neal, and produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures, the film focuses on a young woman who stumbles on an underground cult of devil worshippers in Greenwich Village, New York City, while searching for her missing sister. It marks Robson's directorial debut and was Hunter's first onscreen role. O' Neal had written the script as a murder mystery, set in California, that followed a woman hunted by a serial killer. Bodeen revised the script, basing the story on a Satanic society he had encountered in New York City. Filming took place over 24 days in May 1943 at RKO Studios in Los Angeles. Released on August 21, 1943, the film failed to garner significant income at the box office and received mixed reviews from critics, who found its narrative incoherence a primary fault. It was later revealed that Robson and an editor, John Lockert, had removed four substantial scenes from the final cut, including an extended conclusion. In spite of its mixed reception, the film became a cult film in England, noted by critics for its homoerotic undertones.

Baby Face Morgan
Baby Face Morgan is a 1942 American comedy of errors crime film directed by Arthur Dreifuss. It starred Mary Carlisle and Richard Cromwell. The film was a notable" B" effort for PRC( Producers Releasing Corporation). Jack Schwarz was producer, and Leon Fromkess was listed as" in charge of production".

Isaac Hasson
Isaac Hasson is a professional musician, songwriter and record producer who is active in Los Angeles.