Lee Sholem
Lee Tabor Sholem (May 25, 1913 in Paris, Illinois, – August 19, 2000 in Los Angeles, California) was an American television and film director. Nicknamed Roll 'Em" Sholem", he is identified more than anyone else in the industry with speed and efficiency. He directed more than 1300 shows, including both features and TV episodes, without ever going over schedule. His achievements over a 40-year career have, as yet, been unsurpassed in Hollywood history. Sholem's first film was "Tarzan's Magic Fountain" in 1949 and his last film was "Doomsday Machine" in 1972.

Crime Against Joe
Crime Against Joe is a 1956 American film noir crime film directed by Lee Sholem and written by Robert C. Dennis. The film stars John Bromfield, Julie London, Henry Calvin, Patricia Blair, Joel Ashley and Robert Keys.

Ravina (actress)
Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies. She acted in" Praner Cheye Priyo" which film is considered as turning point of the career of Riaz.

Vagabonderne på Bakkegården
Vagabonderne på Bakkegården is a 1958 Danish comedy film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.

Alice O'Fredericks
Alice O'Fredericks (8 September 1899 – 18 February 1968) was a Danish actress, screenwriter, and film director. She is best known for directing the series of "Far til FireFather of Four") comedies and the series of family dramas based on Morten Korch novels. Having written 38 produced screenplays and directed 72 feature films, O'Fredericks was one of the most prolific directors in Danish cinema. O'Fredericks also directed the first Danish films which highlighted women's rights. The Alice Award, presented annually to the Best Female Director at the Copenhagen International Film Festival, is named in her honor.

Mohsen Eslamzadeh
Mohsen Eslamzadeh is an Iranian documentary filmmaker. He is the director of" Alone Among The Taliban". This film has won the best documentary award at the 44th Athens International Film and Video Festival in the United States. This film has won the best documentary award at the 12th Marbella International Film Festival in Spain. This film has won the Shahid Avini Award offers.

Kenny Lane
Kenny Lane was a southpaw( left handed) boxer. He fought for lightweight and light welterweight titles of the world, once against Joe Brown and twice against Carlos Ortiz.

Thulasi (1987 film)
Thulasi is a 1987 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Ameerjan. The film features Murali and Seetha in lead roles. The film, produced by P. S. V. Hariharan, had musical score by Sampath Selvam and was released on 27 November 1987. The music director died before the release of the film.

Querelle
Querelle is a 1982 West German- French English- language drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brad Davis, adapted from French author Jean Genet's 1947 novel" Querelle of Brest". It marked Fassbinder's final film as a writer/ director; it was posthumously released just months after the director died of a drug overdose in June 1982.

Le Masque de la Méduse
Le masque de la Méduse is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Jean Rollin. The film is a modern-day telling of the Greek mythological tale of the Gorgon and was inspired by the 1964 classic Hammer Horror film of the same name and the 1981 cult classic" Clash of the Titans". It was Rollin's final film, as the director died in 2010.