Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Pratibha Parmar
Pratibha Parmar (born 11 February 1955) is a British filmmaker, who has worked as a director, producer and writer. She is known internationally for her political and often controversial documentary film work as well as her activism within the global feminism and lesbian rights movements. She has collaborated with many well-known artists and activists, and public figures across the world. Parmar specifically uses the camera to benefit women worldwide. Focusing her lens on disenfranchised communities and peoples internationally, her contribution to worldwide humanitarian rights and education has been crucial. Her films are marked by political complexity and visual richness, taking up the themes of women's strength, racial and cultural oppression and the lives of South Asian LGBT people. She is well known for drawing on humour, wit, women's everyday lives and visionary storytelling to articulate the realities and dreams of feminist, LGBT women and South Asian diasporic life. Her works typically center around the themes of gender, identity, LGBT issues, race, feminism, and creativity. Parmar aims to narrate and depict untold stories and experiences of traditionally marginalized and underrepresented groups such as African-American women in the 1970s, survivors of female genital mutilation, and misrepresented gay communities in Southeast Asia. In particular, Parmar's award-winning documentary "Warrior Marks" (1993), made in collaboration with Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist Alice Walker (author of "The Color Purple"), located Parmar deep within multiple conversations about globalization and women's responsibilities to other women. Parmar went on to co-publish "Warrior Marks: Female Genital Mutilation and the Sexual Blinding of Women" with Walker. Parmar has also made music videos for Morcheeba, Tori Amos, Ghostlands and Midge Ure. In the fall of 2007, Pratibha Parmar was awarded the Visionary Award by the One in Ten Film Festival for her entire body of work and she is a past winner of the San Francisco Frameline Film Festival Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2016, she was listed as one of BBC's 100 Women.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

A Place of Rage
A Place of Rage is a 1991 film by Pratibha Parmar. The film includes interviews of Angela Davis, June Jordan, Trinh T. Minh-ha, and Alice Walker. It discusses and asks for political action regarding racism and homophobia, linking the two issues together. It was created to be aired on British television and it is 52 minutes long. The main interviews of Davis, Jordan, and Walker were filmed in the present day. Davis and Jordan discuss the effects of Rosa Parks, Fannie Lou Hamer, and other activists; as well as women's roles in black churches during the Civil Rights Movement and the outcome of the 1960s Black Power movement. Parmar took a 1970 prison interview of Davis and intercuts scenes of poetry of June Jordan. The documentary also uses music from the Staple Singers, Neville Brothers, and Janet Jackson as well as documentary scenes of the 1960s. The film title originates from how the interview subjects say there was a "place of rage" within black people in the 1960s where they collected anger from being oppressed and released it against the persons oppressing them. The interview subjects stated that by the 1990s this shifted to a sense of defeatism and internal repression characterized by drug use and resignation.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Channels of Rage
Channels of Rage is a 2003 documentary film by Anat Halachmi.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."