Nikita Bogoslovsky
Nikita Vladimirovich Bogoslovsky (May 22, 1913 in Saint-Petersburg, Russian Empire – April 4, 2004 in Moscow, Russia) was a Soviet Russian composer, author of more than 200 songs, 8 symphonies (1940–1991), 17 operettas and musical comedies, 58 soundtracks, and 52 scores for theater productions. Bogoslovsky is best known for two Mark Bernes's trademark songs from the Great Patriotic War film "Two Fighters" (Dva boitsa, 1943), "Tyomnaya noch" (Dark Night) and "Shalandy polnye kefali" (Boats Full of Mullets). Among his many honorary titles and State awards were People's Artist of the USSR (1983), Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1971), and Order of the Red Star (1946).

Candice Night
Candice Night( born May 8, 1971) is an American vocalist/ lyricist, multi-instrumentalist for the traditional folk rock project Blackmore's Night since its origins in 1997, and wife of British guitarist Ritchie Blackmore. Her first solo album," Reflections", was released in 2011.

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Michelangelo Faggioli
Michelangelo Faggioli( 1666–1733) was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect. A founder of a new genre of Neapolitan comedy, he was the composer of the opera buffa" La Cilla" in 1706.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.

Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Rebecca Night
Rebecca Night( born Rebecca Hardwick; 13 July 1985) is an English actress who starred in the title role of James Hawes's BBC Four adaptation" Fanny Hill".

Alexandru Cristea
Alexandru Cristea( 1890 – 1942) was the composer of the music for" Limba Noastră", current national anthem of Moldova.

Dark Is the Night (Soviet song)
Dark is the Night (Тёмная ночь, lit. " Dark Night") is a famous Russian song associated with the Great Patriotic War. It was originally performed by Mark Bernes in the 1943 war film "Two Soldiers". The song was composed by Nikita Bogoslovsky (1913-2004), lyrics by Vladimir Agatov specially for the film "Two Soldiers". But Leonid Utyosov, without knowledge and without permission of authors and film unit, recorded the song thus became the first to do it. But it was exactly Bernes's performance that made it so popular. In the film, Bernes is a soldier who recalls his wife and baby at night while singing the song. The official experts were keen to accuse Bogoslovsky of propagating "Philistine" sentimental tunes. Though ostracized by the authorities, the song became a symbol of the war years for millions of Soviet people. "Dark Is the Night" has been described as "a gentle lyrical song imbued with a feeling of homesickness and expressing devotion to one's beloved" which helped "reveal the personal side of army life, indiscernable in the roar of warfare". It contrasted sharply with the prevalent type of war song, which was either a field marching song or a civil patriotic one.