Thomas Scott (diver)
Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.

Harry Wainwright (footballer)
Harry Wainwright( born 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Ruffine Tsiranana
Ruffine Tsiranana (born February 13, 1939 in Ambohimarina, Mandritsara) is a Malagasy politician. She is a member of the Senate of Madagascar for Sofia Region. She is the daughter of the late President of Madagascar, Philibert Tsiranana, and the former First Lady of Madagascar, Justine Tsiranana.

Albert Thompson (footballer, born 1912)
Albert Thompson( born 1912, date of death unknown) was a Welsh footballer.

Fred Bradley (rower)
Frederick Bradley( 1908- date of death unknown) was an English rower.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Bill Smith (footballer, born 1897)
William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.

Justine Tsiranana
Justine Tsiranana (c. 1918 – 1 July 1999) was a Malagasy public figure who served as the first First Lady of Madagascar from 1960 to 1972. She was the wife of the country's founding president, Philibert Tsiranana. Tsiranana was born Justine Kalotody. Originally a seamstress descending from the first translator of the Evangile in Tsimihety language , she married Philibert Tsiranana on January 29, 1933, in a Catholic wedding ceremony in the village of Antsirabe, Mandritsara District. In addition to her role as the country's first First Lady from 1960 to 1972, Tisranana served as the honorary president of the Red Cross of Madagascar. Justine Tsiranana died in July 1999 at the age of 81. The award-wining red rose variety “Madame Tsiranana” was created in her honour by French rose nurser Paul Croix in 1970.

Harry Johnson (wrestler)
Harry Johnson( 1903- date of death unknown) was an English wrestler.