Andrew Upton
Andrew Upton( born 1 February 1966) is an Australian playwright, screenwriter, and director. He is the husband of actress Cate Blanchett.

Peter Ridgway (pentathlete)
Peter Ridgway( born 23 April 1949) is an Australian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics, finishing in 42nd place.

John Ridgway (comics)
John Ridgway( born 4 May 1940) is a British comics artist.

Brunilde Sismondo Ridgway
Brunilde Sismondo Ridgway( born 1929 in Chieti) is an Italian archaeologist and specialist in ancient Greek sculpture.

Delissa A. Ridgway
Delissa Anne Ridgway( born June 28, 1955) is a Senior United States Judge of the United States Court of International Trade.

David Ridgway (scholar)
David Ridgway (11 May 1938 – 20 May 2012 in Athens, Greece) was a British scholar of Italian archaeology and the Etruscans.

Stan Marks
Stan Marks is an Australian writer and journalist. He is the husband of Holocaust survivor Eva Marks.

Stan Rice
Stan Rice( November 7, 1942 – December 9, 2002) was an American poet and artist. He was the husband of author Anne Rice.

Francesca Ridgway
Francesca Romana Serra Ridgway (born 9 March 1936, in Rome, Italy; died 7 March 2008, in Colchester, Essex (U.K.)) was a leading twentieth century scholar of Etruscan and Italic archaeology. Born Francesca Romana Serra in Rome, Ridgway was one of five children born to Sardinian parents. Her maternal grandfather was the scholar Giovanni Sanna. Francesca Romana Serra Ridgway was the spouse and academic partner of David Ridgway, whom she married in 1970. Trained at the University of Rome La Sapienza, Francesca Romana Serra Ridgway was a student of Massimo Pallottino. She graduated from La Sapienza in 1964 where she wrote a thesis on a class of Caeretan impasto pottery known as "impasto stampigliato". As a postgraduate in the Scuola Archeologica in Rome, she was taught by both Giovanni Becatti and . She worked for many years in Scotland where was Honorary Fellow in the Department of Archaeology (later, Classics) at Edinburgh University. Upon the retirement of her husband in 2003, she became an Associate Fellow of the Institute of Classical Studies in London. With her husband she produced a major study of pre-Roman Italy that appeared in 1979 and became a seminal work in the study of contact archaeology and cultural change in Iron Age Italy. She conducted archaeological fieldwork at Etruscan sites in Italy and was involved in her husband's work related to excavations conducted on the island of Ischia.

Jon Leach
Jonathan Leach( born April 18, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. He is the husband of Lindsay Davenport.