David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Grete Nash
Grete Nash( née Helland- Hansen; 14 February 1939 – 20 March 1999) was a Norwegian ceramist. She was born in Oslo to Eigil Helland- Hansen and Sophie Marie Eeg, and was a granddaughter of oceanographer Bjørn Helland- Hansen. She introduced the Japanese raku ware pottery tradition in Norway. Her wall plate" Bysants" from 1991 was acquired by the Storting, and she is represented in the National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, the West Norway Museum of Decorative Art and Sørlandets Art Museum. She was decorated Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav in 1998.

Andrey Vilkitsky
Andrey Ippolitovich Vilkitsky  was a Russian hydrographer and surveyor. He was born in the Minsk Governorate. His son, Boris Vilkitsky followed up his father's work; the Vilkitsky Islands are named after him.

Hernando de Cabezón
Hernando de Cabezón, (baptized 7 September 1541 – 1 October 1602) was a Spanish composer and organist, son of Antonio de Cabezón. Only a few of his works are extant today, and he is chiefly remembered for publishing the bulk of his father's work.

Fiona McIntosh
Fiona McIntosh( born 1960) is an author of adult and children's books who lives in Australia. She was born in Brighton, England and between the ages of three and eight, travelled a lot to Africa due to her father's work. At the age of nineteen, she travelled first to Paris and later to Australia, where she has lived ever since. In 2007, she released a crime novel," Bye Bye Baby", under the pseudonym of Lauren Crow, however the pen name has since been dropped for the republished edition of" Bye Bye Baby" and for the sequel," Beautiful Death".

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

Eigil Helland-Hansen
Eigil Helland-Hansen (5 November 1910 – 26 April 1997) was a Norwegian travel agent. He was born in Årstad, Bergen to oceanographer Bjørn Helland-Hansen and Anna Marie Krag, and was the father of ceramist Grete Nash. Helland-Hansen was assigned with the organization Norway Travel Association  from 1934, and from 1940 he was responsible for the periodical "Rutebok for Norge", which he edited for about forty years. He edited the magazine "Reiseliv i Norge" from 1946 to 1959.

Emanuel Glicen Romano
Emanuel Glicen Romano or Emanuel Glicenstein( 1897 – 1984) was a painter born in Italy. He emigrated to America and spent some time in Safed in Israel. where he organised a museum for his father's work.

Bjørn Helland-Hansen
Bjørn Helland-Hansen (16 October 1877 – 7 September 1957) was a Norwegian pioneer in the field of modern oceanography. He studied the variation patterns of the weather in the northern Atlantic Ocean and of the atmosphere. He studied both medicine and physics at the University of Christiania (now University of Oslo). He developed the "Helland-Hansen Photometer" in 1910, which was carried on board "Michael Sars". It was operated for the first time close to the Azores at a depth between 500 and m. In 1915 he became Professor of oceanography at the Bergen Museum, and in 1917 director of the Geophysical Institute, University of Bergen. In 1933 he was awarded the Alexander Agassiz Medal. From 1946 to 1948, Helland-Hansen was President of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics (IUGG). He was a member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences and a member of the Member of the Academy of Sciences of the German Democratic Republic (DDR). Helland-Hansen trained Alexander Kuchin, the Russian oceanographer who went to Antarctica with Roald Amundsen. An island in the Russian Arctic, east of the Geiberg Islands, has been named Gellanda-Gansena after Helland-Hansen.