Takhlakh Lake
Takhlakh Lake is a lake situated northwest of Mount Adams in the U.S. state of Washington. It is fed by a few small unnamed inflow creeks originating near Takh Takh Meadows, tributary to the Cispus River. A popular 53- site campground on the west side of the lake brings summer and early fall campers as well as hikers hiking the Takhlakh Loop Trail and the Takh Takh Meadows Trail, and nearby trails in the Mount Adams Wilderness. A day use area offers a picnic area and provides a boat ramp as well. The lake is one of the five lakes, all within a seven- mile radius, in the Midway High Lakes Area. It is managed by the Gifford Pinchot National Forest.

Hite, Utah
Historic Hite is a flooded ghost town at the north end of Lake Powell along the Colorado River in western San Juan County, Utah, USA. Lake Powell, and all of its points of interest, is in the Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, managed by the National Park Service and available to the public for recreation. The town existed on land that Lake Powell now covers. Hite was named for Cass Hite, an early settler. The name was transferred to a National Park Recreation Area at the north end of Lake Powell. The Hite Crossing Bridge, near the marina, carries Utah State Route 95 over the Colorado River and connects the area to the north of the lake.

Hiidenvesi
Hiidenvesi is the second largest lake in the Uusimaa region in Finland. The biggest part of the lake is located in the municipality of Vihti and smaller parts in the town of Lohja. The lake drains through the Väänteenjoki River into the lake Lohjanjärvi and the both lakes are part of the Karjaanjoki basin that drains into the Gulf of Finland.

Lake Powell
Lake Powell is a reservoir on the Colorado River, straddling the border between Utah and Arizona, United States. Most of Lake Powell, along with Rainbow Bridge National Monument, is located in Utah. It is a major vacation spot that around two million people visit every year. It is the second largest man-made reservoir by maximum water capacity in the United States behind Lake Mead, storing of water when full. However, due to high water withdrawals for human and agricultural consumption, and because of subsequent droughts in the area, Lake Mead has fallen below Lake Powell in size several times during the 21st century in terms of volume of water, depth and surface area. Lake Powell was created by the flooding of Glen Canyon by the Glen Canyon Dam, which also led to the creation of Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, a popular summer destination. The reservoir is named for explorer John Wesley Powell, a one- armed American Civil War veteran who explored the river via three wooden boats in 1869. In 1972, Glen Canyon National Recreation Area was established. It is public land managed by the National Park Service, and available to the public for recreational purposes. It lies in parts of Garfield, Kane, and San Juan counties in southern Utah, and Coconino County in northern Arizona. The northern limits of the lake extend at least as far as the Hite Crossing Bridge. Lake Powell is a water storage facility for the Upper Basin states of the Colorado River Compact( Colorado, Utah, Wyoming and New Mexico). The Compact specifies that the Upper Basin states are to provide a minimum annual flow of to the Lower Basin states( Arizona, Nevada, and California).

Batlava Lake
Batlava Lake refers to both a lake and resort located in Kosovo.

Page, Arizona
Page is a city in Coconino County, Arizona, United States, near the Glen Canyon Dam and Lake Powell. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 7,247.

Bullfrog, Utah
Bullfrog, or Bullfrog Basin Marina, is a small unincorporated community on the shores of Lake Powell's Bullfrog Bay in the Glen Canyon National Recreation Area of Kane County, Utah, United States. Bullfrog is a popular place on Lake Powell for tourists, fishermen, and outdoor enthusiasts due to its marina and local resources. It is the northern terminus for the Charles Hall Ferry, an automobile ferry that connects across Lake Powell to Halls Crossing in San Juan County. Bullfrog was named after a rock formation on the western side of Mt Ellsworth that you can see from Utah State Route 276, heading south.

Wahweap, Lake Powell
The Wahweap marina is located at the southern end of Lake Powell in Arizona. Lake Powell and all of its points of interest is managed by the National Park Service and available to the public for recreational purposes.

Bullfrog Basin Airport
Bullfrog Basin Airport is a public airport located north of the central business district of the Glen Canyon National Recreation Area, in Kane County, Utah, United States. It is owned by the U.S. National Park Service. The airport is located north of Bullfrog Marina and Lake Powell. There are no aircraft assigned or stationed here; it is for transient aircraft and visitors to Lake Powell and Glen Canyon National Recreation Area.

Lake Vilacota
Lake Vilacota( possibly from Aymara" wila" red/ blood," quta" lake," red lake") is a lake in the region of Tacna, in Peru. More precisely, it belongs to Tarata Province, Susapaya District, along the border with the Santa Rosa District of El Collao Province in the neighboring region of Puno. It has a surface elevation of above sea level and a catchment area of. Yucamane volcano lies west of the lake. To the east of Lake Vilacota there is a smaller lake named Ancocota( possibly Aymara for" white lake"); both lakes being connected by a short river. Moreover, both lakes are the headwaters of Mauri River.