In the Shadow of the Raven
In the Shadow of the Raven( Icelandic: Í skugga hrafnsins) is the title of a 1988 film by Hrafn Gunnlaugsson, set in Viking Age Iceland. The film was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 61st Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee. " In the Shadow of the Raven" is the second film of the" Raven Trilogy"( also known as the" Viking Trilogy") that consists of three' Viking' films:

Amos Gitai
Amos Gitai( born 11 October 1950) is an Israeli filmmaker, who was trained as an architect. Gitai's work was presented in several major retrospectives in Pompidou Center Paris, the Museum of Modern Art( MoMA) New York, Lincoln Center New York, and the British Film Institute London. To date Amos Gitai has created over 90 works of art throughout 38 years. Between 1999 and 2017 ten of his films were entered in the Cannes Film Festival for the Palme d' Or as well as The Venice International Film Festival for the Golden Lion award. He has worked with Juliette Binoche, Jeanne Moreau, Natalie Portman, Yael Abecassis, Samuel Fuller, Hanna Schygulla, Annie Lennox, Barbara Hendricks, Léa Seydoux, Valeria Bruni Tedeschi, Henri Alekan, Renato Berta, Nurith Aviv, Éric Gautier and more. Since 2000 he has been collaborating with the French screenwriter Marie- José Sanselme. He received several prestigious prizes, in particular the Leopard of Honor at the Locarno International Film Festival( 2008), the Roberto Rossellini prize( 2005), the Robert Bresson prize( 2013), the Paradjanov prize( 2014), and Légion d'Honneur( 2017). In 2018, Amos Gitai has been elected professor at the chair of artistic creation at the Collège de France, with a series of 12 lessons on cinema( 16 October – 18 December 2018)

Arthur Maude
Arthur John Maude (23 July 1880 – 9 January 1950) was an English actor, screenwriter, and film director.

La sombra del otro
La sombra del otro(" The Shadow of the Other") is a 1957 Mexican film. It was produced by Fernando de Fuentes.

Beatrice of Nazareth
Blessed Beatrice of Nazareth or in Dutch Beatrijs van Nazareth( c. 1200 – 1268) was a Flemish Cistercian nun. She was the very first prose writer using an early Dutch language, a mystic, and the author of the notable Dutch prose dissertation known as the" Seven Ways of Holy Love". She was also the first prioress of the Abbey of Our Lady of Nazareth in Nazareth near Lier in Brabant.

The Shadow of Nazareth
The Shadow of Nazareth is a 1913 silent movie set in Jerusalem at the time of the crucifixion of Jesus. Starring Arthur Maude and Constance Crawley, it depicts the story of a vain woman named Judith, her brother Judas Iscariot, and her two admirers: Barabbas, who is a thief, and Caiaphas, the high priest of Jerusalem.

The Shadow of the Eagle
The Shadow of the Eagle( aka Shadow of the Eagle) is a 1932 American Pre- Code Mascot 12 episode film serial, directed by Ford Beebe and B. Reeves Eason and produced by Nat Levine. The film stars John Wayne in his first serial role. He would go on to star in two other serials for Mascot," The Hurricane Express"( 1932) and" The Three Musketeers"( 1933). " The Shadow of the Eagle" is now in the public domain.

Josephat Torner
Josephat Torner is a Tanzanian albino activist. He has been featured in the documentary" In the Shadow of the Sun".

The Shadow of the Desert
The Shadow of the Desert( also released as The Shadow of the East) is a 1924 American silent horror film directed by George Archainbaud. The film is considered to be lost.

Berlin-Jerusalem
Berlin- Jerusalem ( Hebrew: ברלין ירושלים, tr." Berlin Yerushalayim") is an 89- minute 1989 British- Dutch- French- Israeli- Italian English-, French-, German-, and Hebrew- language independent underground dramatic historical experimental art film directed by Amos Gitai.