Crime Doctor's Man Hunt
Crime Doctor's Man Hunt is a 1946 American mystery film directed by William Castle and starring Warner Baxter, Ellen Drew and William Frawley. It is part of the Crime Doctor series of films made by Columbia Pictures. The film's sets were designed by the German art director Hans Radon.

George Sherman
George Sherman( July 14, 1908 – March 15, 1991) was an American film director and producer of low- budget Western films.

Vasantha Sena (1967 film)
Vasantha Sena is a 1967 Telugu historical folklore film, produced and directed by B. S. Ranga under the Vikram Studios banner. It stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Krishna Kumari in the lead roles and music composed by S. Rajeswara Rao. The film is based on the Sanskrit Stage drama," Mṛcchakatika" by Śūdraka of 5th century AD.

The Crime Doctor's Gamble
The Crime Doctor's Gamble is a 1947 American mystery film directed by William Castle and starring Warner Baxter, Micheline Cheirel and Roger Dann. It is part of the Crime Doctor series of films made by Columbia Pictures. While in Paris, Doctor Robert Ordway assists the local police to investigate a murder.

Shadows in the Night (1944 film)
Shadows in the Night is a 1944 American mystery film directed by Eugene Forde and starring Warner Baxter, Nina Foch and George Zucco. It is part of the Crime Doctor series of films made by Columbia Pictures. It is also known by the alternative title of Crime Doctor's Rendezvous.

The Crime Doctor's Diary
The Crime Doctor's Diary is a 1949 American mystery film directed by Seymour Friedman and starring Warner Baxter, Stephen Dunne and Lois Maxwell. It is the last of the Crime Doctor series of films made by Columbia Pictures.

Crime Doctor's Warning
Crime Doctor's Warning is a 1945 American mystery film directed by William Castle, and fourth in the Crime Doctor series of ten films produced between 1943 and 1949.

B. S. Ranga
Bindiganavile Srinivas Iyengar Ranga( 11 November 1917 – 12 December 2010) was an Indian photographer, actor, producer and director who has made many landmark movies in Kannada, Tamil and Telugu. He was also the owner of Vikram Studios.

The Crime Doctor's Courage
The Crime Doctor's Courage is a 1945 American mystery film directed by George Sherman and starring Warner Baxter, Hillary Brooke and Jerome Cowan. It is part of the Crime Doctor series of films made by Columbia Pictures.

The Crime Doctor's Strangest Case
The Crime Doctor's Strangest Case is a 1943 American mystery film directed by Eugene Forde and starring Warner Baxter, Lynn Merrick and Gloria Dickson. It is the second in a series of Crime Doctor films made by Columbia Pictures.