Tom Hern
Thomas Hern( born 10 December 1984) is a New Zealand Actor and award- winning independent Film Producer. He is known for producing NZ feature films," The Dark HorseEverything We Loved" and" Pork Pie"( The reboot of Kiwi classic" Goodbye Pork Pie"). He is also known to global audiences for his role as Ram in The Tribe and Devin Del Valle in the 2004 television show" Power Rangers Dino Thunder". Hern also appeared in Shortland Street, Revelations, Interrogation, Maddigan's Quest, as well as in many smaller acting and presenting roles. His filmography also includes various TV and radio commercials and voiceovers. Thomas Hern was born in Christchurch, New Zealand on 10 December 1984. He has two older brothers and an older sister. To his friends( and fans) Hern is also known by the name of Herndog, a long- time nickname of his. Between 2006 and 2007, Hern appeared on the long- running South Pacific Pictures New Zealand television series" Shortland Street" as Baxter Cormack. Hern continues to work on musical side- projects, Theodore High, with Latham Gaines( who starred alongside Hern in" Power Rangers Dino Thunder" as Anton Mercer/ Mesogog) and rock- hop band The Drop D's.

Conquest of the Planet of the Apes
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes is a 1972 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Paul Dehn. It is the fourth of five films in the original" Planet of the Apes" series produced by Arthur P. Jacobs. The film stars Roddy McDowall, Don Murray and Ricardo Montalbán. It explores how the apes rebelled from humanity's ill treatment following" Escape from the Planet of the Apes"( 1971). It was followed by" Battle for the Planet of the Apes"( 1973). The series reboot" Rise of the Planet of the Apes"( 2011) has a similar premise to" Conquest", but is not officially a remake.

Beneath the Planet of the Apes
Beneath the Planet of the Apes is a 1970 American science fiction film directed by Ted Post and written by Paul Dehn. It is the second of five films in the original" Planet of the Apes" series produced by Arthur P. Jacobs. The film stars James Franciscus, Kim Hunter, Maurice Evans, and Linda Harrison, and features Charlton Heston in a supporting role. In this sequel, another spacecraft crashes on the planet ruled by apes, carrying astronaut Brent who searches for Taylor and discovers an underground city inhabited by mutated humans with psychic powers. " Beneath the Planet of the Apes" was a success at the box office but met with mixed reviews from critics. It was followed by" Escape from the Planet of the Apes".

Daniel Barrett (visual effects supervisor)
Daniel Barrett is a visual effects supervisor. On January 24, 2012, he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for the film" Rise of the Planet of the Apes". Barrett received his second Oscar nomination for the sequel" Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" at the 87th Academy Awards, and his third for" War for the Planet of the Apes" at the 90th Academy Awards.

Battle for the Planet of the Apes
Battle for the Planet of the Apes is a 1973 science fiction film directed by J. Lee Thompson. It is the fifth and final entry in the original" Planet of the Apes" series, produced by Arthur P. Jacobs, following" Conquest of the Planet of the Apes". It stars Roddy McDowall, Claude Akins, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Lew Ayres, Paul Williams, and John Huston. The two sequels in the 2010s reboot series," Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" and" War for the Planet of the Apes", have a similar premise to" Battle", but they are not officially remakes.

Arthur P. Jacobs
Arthur P. Jacobs( March 7, 1922 – June 27, 1973) was a press agent turned film producer responsible for such films in the 1960s and 1970s as the" Planet of the Apes" series," Doctor DolittleGoodbye, Mr. Chips Play It Again, Sam" and" Tom Sawyer" through his company APJAC Productions.

Rise of the Planet of the Apes
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a 2011 American science fiction film directed by Rupert Wyatt and starring James Franco, Freida Pinto, John Lithgow, Brian Cox, Tom Felton, David Oyelowo, and Andy Serkis. Written by Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver, it is 20th Century Fox's reboot of the" Planet of the Apes" series, intended to act as an origin story for a new series of films. Its premise is similar to the fourth film in the original series," Conquest of the Planet of the Apes"( 1972), but it is not a direct remake of that film. In the film, a substance designed to help the brain repair itself gives advanced intelligence to a chimpanzee named Caesar, who leads an ape uprising. " Rise of the Planet of the Apes" was released on August 5, 2011, to critical and commercial success. The film was nominated for an Oscar for Best Visual Effects. It was also nominated for five Saturn Awards including Best Director for Wyatt and Best Writing for Jaffa and Silver, winning Best Science Fiction Film, Best Supporting Actor for Serkis and Best Special Effects. Serkis's performance as Caesar was widely acclaimed, earning him many nominations from associations which do not usually recognize performance capture as traditional acting. A sequel to the film," Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", was released on July 11, 2014 and a third film," War for the Planet of the Apes", was released on July 14, 2017.

I'm Not Harry Jenson
I'm Not Harry Jenson is a micro- budget theatrical New Zealand film released in 2009. It is the first feature film written and directed by James Napier Robertson. It was produced by Tom Hern through the production company Six String Pictures.

War for the Planet of the Apes
War for the Planet of the Apes is a 2017 American science fiction film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback and Reeves. A sequel to" Rise of the Planet of the Apes"( 2011) and" Dawn of the Planet of the Apes"( 2014), it is the third installment in the" Planet of the Apes" reboot series. The film stars Andy Serkis, Woody Harrelson and Steve Zahn, and follows a confrontation between the apes, led by Caesar, and the humans for control of Earth. Like its predecessor, its premise shares several similarities to the fifth film in the original series," Battle for the Planet of the Apes", but it is not a direct remake. " War for the Planet of the Apes" premiered in New York City on July 10, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States on July 14, 2017, by 20th Century Fox. The film was a commercial success having grossed over$ 490 million. It received critical praise, with many reviewers highlighting the performances( particularly Serkis's), visual effects, story, direction, cinematography, and musical score. The film received a nomination for Best Special Visual Effects at the 71st British Academy Film Awards, and was also nominated for Best Visual Effects at the 90th Academy Awards. It was also nominated for four Saturn Awards, including Best Director for Reeves and Best Actor for Serkis.

Escape from the Planet of the Apes
Escape from the Planet of the Apes is a 1971 science fiction film directed by Don Taylor and written by Paul Dehn. It stars Roddy McDowall, Kim Hunter, Bradford Dillman and Ricardo Montalbán. It is the third of five films in the original" Planet of the Apes" series produced by Arthur P. Jacobs, the second being" Beneath the Planet of the Apes"( 1970). Its plot centers on many social issues of the day including scientific experimentation on animals, nuclear war and government intrusion. The film was well received by critics, getting the best reviews of the four" Planet of the Apes" sequels. It was followed by" Conquest of the Planet of the Apes".