The Dressmaker (1988 film)
The Dressmaker is a 1988 British drama film directed by Jim O'Brien and starring Joan Plowright, Billie Whitelaw and Pete Postlethwaite. Set during the Second World War in England, the story concerns a claustrophobic relationship between two middle- aged sisters and their fragile 17- year- old niece. It is an adaptation of the novel" The Dressmaker" by Beryl Bainbridge.

Paul Bern
Paul Bern (born Paul Levy; December 3, 1889September 5, 1932) was a German-born American film director, screenwriter, and producer for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, where he became the assistant to Irving Thalberg. He helped launch the career of Jean Harlow, whom he married in July 1932; two months later, he was found dead of a gunshot wound, leaving what appeared to be a suicide note. Various alternative theories of his death have been proposed. Film producer Samuel Marx believed that he was killed by his ex-common-law wife Dorothy Millette, who jumped to her death from a ferry days afterward.

Adelaide Heilbron
Adelaide Heilbron was an American screenwriter known for films like" The Dressmaker from Paris" and" Lessons for Wives".

Princess Auguste of Bavaria (1875–1964)
Princess Auguste of Bavaria( 28 April 1877 – 25 June 1964) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and the spouse of Archduke Joseph August of Austria.

Marie-Louise Coidavid
Marie Louise Coidavid( 1778 – March 11, 1851), was the Queen of the Kingdom of Haiti 1811 – 20 as the spouse of Henri I of Haiti.

Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg( born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; on 22 March 1956), is the spouse of Grand Duke Henri.

The Dressmaker from Paris
The Dressmaker from Paris is a 1925 silent film romantic comedy/drama film directed by Paul Bern. The story was written by Howard Hawks and Adelaide Heilbron. Heilbron also wrote the screenplay. The film starred Leatrice Joy and was her last film for Paramount Pictures. The film was costume designer Travis Banton's first assignment. The film is now considered lost. This was Joy's last silent for Paramount. Afterwards she followed Cecil DeMille to his PDC arrangement production company, which released through the Pathé Exchange company. Director Paul Bern have his girlfriend Olive Borden a small role as one of the models .

Gertrude of Bavaria
Gertrude of Saxony and Bavaria( 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.

Mehdi Abrishamchi
Mehdi Abrishamchi is an Iranian People's Mujahedin of Iran( MEK) politician who has been described as" the right hand man of Massoud Rajavi". He is the former spouse of the group's current leader, Maryam Rajavi, whom he divorced so that she could become the spouse of Massoud Rajavi.

Sophia Magdalena of Denmark
Sophia Magdalena of Denmark (3 July 1746 – 21 August 1813) was Queen of Sweden as the spouse of King Gustav III.