Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Lamman Rucker
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films " Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation. In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".

Things Done Changed
"Things Done Changed" is the second track and first song track from The Notorious B.I.G.'s debut album "Ready to Die". The songs deals with how life in the ghetto has changed since B.I.G.'s childhood. During the final verse, he mentions that his mother, Voletta Wallace, had breast cancer, which is also referenced in the biopic film "Notorious". The hook of the song is a sample from Biz Markie's song "The Vapors", when he says "Back in the day", and Dr. Dre's song "Lil Ghetto Boy" (from his 1992 album "The Chronic"), sampling Dre's line: "Things done changed on this side/ Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?".

Percy Redfern Creed
Percy Redfern Creed( 13 May 1874 – November 1964), author of" How to Get Things Done", 1938, The Merrymount Press, revised as" Getting Things Done", 1946, The Merrymount Press.

Richard T. Jones
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor. Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010). He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

David Allen (author)
David Allen( born December 28, 1945) is a productivity consultant who is best known as the creator of the time management method known as" Getting Things Done".

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

The Notorious B.I.G.
Christopher George Latore Wallace (May 21, 1972 – March 9, 1997), known professionally as The Notorious B.I.G., Biggie Smalls, or Biggie, was an American rapper. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest rappers of all time. The Notorious B.I.G. was noted for his "loose, easy flow"; dark, semi-autobiographical lyrics; and storytelling abilities, which focused on crime and hardship. Born and raised in the Brooklyn borough of New York City, he signed to Sean "Puffy" Combs label Bad Boy Records in 1993 and gained exposure with features on several singles the same year. His critically acclaimed debut album "Ready to Die" (1994), considered his magnum opus, made him a central figure in East Coast hip hop and increased New York City's visibility in the genre at a time when West Coast hip hop dominated the mainstream. The following year, The Notorious B.I.G. led Junior M.A.F.I.A.—a protégé group composed of his childhood friends—to chart success. In 1996, while recording his second album, The Notorious B.I.G. was heavily involved in the growing East Coast–West Coast hip hop feud. Following Tupac Shakur's death by a drive-by shooting in Las Vegas, Nevada, on September 7, 1996, rumors of his involvement with Shakur's murder spread. On March 9, 1997, The Notorious B.I.G. was murdered by an unknown assailant in a drive-by shooting in Los Angeles. His second album, "Life After Death" (1997), released two weeks later, reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 and became one of the few hip-hop albums to be certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Three more albums have been released since The Notorious B.I.G.'s death, and he has certified sales of over 28 million records in the United States, including 21 million albums. "Rolling Stone" has referred to him as the "greatest rapper that ever lived" and "Billboard" named him as the greatest rapper of all time. In 2019, The Notorious B.I.G. was nominated for an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for 2020.