Deh Sefid, Hamadan
Deh Sefid( also Romanized as Deh Sefīd, Deh Safīd, and Deh -e Sefid; also known as Deh Cheri and Deh Chirl) is a village in Kolyai Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 265, in 67 families.

Do Rahi-ye Eslamabad
Do Rahi- ye Eslamabad( also Romanized as Do Rāhī- ye Eslāmābād) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh- e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 997, in 177 families.

Deh Baneh, Lahijan
Deh Baneh is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 92 families.

Deh Baneh-ye Eslamabad
Deh Baneh- ye Eslamabad( also Romanized as Deh Baneh- ye Eslāmābād; also known as De- Bane, Deh Baneh, and Deh Boneh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,625, in 998 families.

Deh-e Hoseyn, Markazi
Deh -e Hoseyn( also Romanized as Deh -e Ḩoseyn and Deh Ḩoseyn; also known as Deh -e Ḩasan and Deh Husain) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 20 families.

Mazraeh-ye Eslamabad, Fars
Mazraeh- ye Eslamabad( also Romanized as Mazra ‘ eh- ye Eslāmabād) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12, in 4 families.

Deh-e Shib, Ravar
Deh -e Shib( also Romanized as Deh- e Shīb and Deh Shīb; also known as Deh Shīr and Deh Sho’eyb) is a village in Ravar Rural District, in the Central District of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 187, in 49 families.

Deh Choqai
Deh Choqai( also Romanized as Deh Choqā ’ī and Deh Cheqā ’ī; also known as Choqā ’ī, Deh Chagha ’ī and Deh Cheqāsī) is a village in Gamasiyab Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 541, in 142 families.

Mazraeh-ye Eslamabad, Isfahan
Mazraeh- ye Eslamabad( also Romanized as Mazra ‘ eh- ye Eslāmābād) is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.

Satau
Satau is a village in the Chobe District of Botswana, at 18°0′45 ″ south and 24 ° 24 ′ 22 ″ east. The village is located in the eastern part of the district, which before 2001 formed part of the North- West District. Although a traditional village, Satau it has a primary school, a post office, a health post and a library. Electricity is also available in the village. Nearby towns and villages that may interest you include Muyako, Mahundu, Lukuto, Katima Mulilo, Ibbu or Parakarungu. Since you are here already, make sure to check out Sakfweba, Ngala, Matanga, Makata, Kabolissa and Satau. There are 3 airports near Satau. The nearest airport we have records of is Katima Mulilo Airport( IATA: MPA) with a distance of 30 mi( or 48.4 km) North- West of the city centre of Satau.