Nick Gillespie: Nicholas John Gillespie( born August 7, 1963) is an American libertarian journalist who was editor- in- chief of" Reason" magazine from 2000 to 2008 and editor- in- chief of Reason.com and Reason TV from 2008 to 2017. Gillespie originally joined Reason's staff in 1993 as an assistant editor and ascended to the top slot in 2000. He is currently an editor- at- large at" Reason". Gillespie has edited one anthology," Choice: The Best of Reason".

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Terence Robinson: Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.

Eclipse of Reason: Eclipse of Reason is a 1987 anti-abortion documentary video directed, filmed, and narrated by Bernard Nathanson, with an introduction by Charlton Heston. " Eclipse of Reason" is a follow up to Nathanson’s first film "The Silent Scream". The film is perhaps most known for its controversial depiction of a dilation and evacuation (D&E) abortion. The subject matter of this film focuses more on the moral implications of abortion. It served as Nathanson’s call to the women of the world to end the practice of abortion. This film, as well as "The Silent Scream", was instrumental in the Right to Life Committee's garnering the attention of the United States public regarding the issue of abortion. "Eclipse of Reason" represented the argument that the fetus is human, and therefore abortion is murder. The film also serves to combat critics to "The Silent Scream" who argue that, although Nathanson claimed the film relied only on imagery and not pejorative speech, the film was heavily reliant on upon the language of the narrator. Therefore, "Eclipse of Reason" delivers the same message that abortion is murder, with similar imagery as its predecessor "The Silent Scream"; however, to avoid the previous appropriation of language over imagery "Eclipse of Reason" asks it viewers to consider reason rather than using emotionally charged narration.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Bernard Nathanson: Bernard N. Nathanson (July 31, 1926 – February 21, 2011) was an American medical doctor and co-founder in 1969 of the National Association for the Repeal of Abortion Laws — NARAL — later renamed National Abortion Rights Action League. He was also the former director of New York City's Center for Reproductive and Sexual Health, but later became a pro-life activist. He was the narrator for the controversial 1984 anti-abortion film "The Silent Scream".