Alexandros Margaritis: Alexandros( Alex, Alexander) Margaritis;( born 20 September 1984) is a racing driver who is best known for competing in the German- based Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters touring car championship. Prior to that, his career had focused on formula single seater racing in Europe. Margaritis has dual nationality as a result of his place of birth and Greek parentage.

Mary Proctor: Mary Proctor (1862 – September 11, 1957) was an American popularizer of astronomy. While not a professional astronomer, Proctor became well known for her books and articles written for the public – particularly her children's fiction. Despite various claims as being an American, there is a passenger list of about 1924 where she gives nationality as British.

Nirmala Devi: Nirmala Devi, also known as Nirmala Arun( 7 June 1927- 15 June 1996), was an Indian film actress in the 1940s and a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana. She is the mother of Bollywood actor Govinda. Nirmala Devi was the wife of the 1940s actor Arun Kumar Ahuja. She has six children, including Indian film actor Govinda and film director Kirti Kumar. She died in 1996.

David Ji: David Longfen Ji is an American businessman who co-founded Apex Digital, an electronics manufacturer. In 2004, he was arrested in China following a dispute with Sichuan Changhong Electric, a supplier owned by the city of Mianyang and the province of Sichuan. Changhong accused him of defrauding them through bad checks. Ji was taken, according to an account by his lawyer, to the senior management and told, "I decide whether you live or die." He has been held in China without charges. Ji's case highlighted an "implicit racism" in dealings with American businessmen. As a U.S. citizen he was not granted the same treatment by authorities as non-ethnically Chinese businessmen sharing the same nationality.

Nirmala Sheoran: Nirmala Sheoran( born 15 July 1995) is an Indian sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres event.

Fourth umpire: The fourth umpire( sometimes referred to as the reserve umpire), is a cricket umpire. For all international matches a fourth umpire is required to perform duties like bringing on the new ball, carrying drinks on to the field for the umpires, checking the batteries in the light meter, observing the pitch during the lunch and tea intervals to make sure there is no interference, or bringing on new bails. The Fourth umpire will take over the Third umpire duties if something happens to one of the on- field umpires, as the rules state the third umpire will take over on- field duties. For Test matches, the fourth umpire is appointed by the home side's Governing body from their nominees to the International Panel of ICC Umpires, so is the same nationality as the home side.

Ted Swinford: Ted Swinford is an American rower. He won a gold medal at the 1986 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham with the men's coxless four. He was inducted in the National Rowing Hall of Fame( Stoningham, CT) in January 1997.

Anilda Thomas: Anilda Thomas( born 6 May 1993) is an Indian sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres event. She participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics in the women's 4 × 400 metres relay event. Thomas was part of the Indian team that qualified for the Olympics in the women's 4 × 400 metres relay event. The quartet of Thomas, Nirmala Sheoran, M. R. Poovamma and Tintu Lukka clocked 3:27.88 at Bangalore in July 2016, finishing with the 12th best time in the world as top 16 relay teams qualified for the Olympics.

History of Japanese nationality: The history of Japanese nationality as a chronology of evolving concepts and practices begins in the mid-nineteenth century, as Japan opened diplomatic relations with the west and a modern nation state was established through the Meiji Restoration.

Nirmala Devi: Nirmala Devi, also known as Nirmala Arun( 7 June 1927- 15 June 1996), was an Indian film actress in the 1940s and a Hindustani classical vocalist of the Patiala Gharana. She is the mother of Bollywood actor Govinda. Nirmala Devi was the wife of the 1940s actor Arun Kumar Ahuja. She has six children, including Indian film actor Govinda and film director Kirti Kumar. She died in 1996.