A Kind of America
A Kind of America is a Hungarian comedy film from 2002.

Zelig
Zelig is a 1983 American mockumentary film written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Allen and Mia Farrow. Allen plays Leonard Zelig, a nondescript enigma, who, apparently out of his desire to fit in and be liked, unwittingly takes on the characteristics of strong personalities around him. The film, presented as a documentary, recounts his period of intense celebrity in the 1920s, including analyses by contemporary intellectuals. " Zelig" was photographed and narrated in the style of 1920s black- and- white newsreels, which are interwoven with archival footage from the era and re-enactments of real historical events. Color segments from the present day include interviews of real and fictional personages, including Saul Bellow and Susan Sontag. " Zelig" has been favorably received by critics. This is Orion Pictures' last film to be released through Warner Bros.

I Was Here (film)
I Was Here is an Estonian feature film, based on a novel by Sass Henno. The story is about a 17- year- old boy who becomes a drug dealer, the decision that draws him into turbulent events he ca n't control. The movie was directed by René Vilbre and written by Ilmar Raag. The film premiered on 8 July 2008 at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival, in Estonia was released on 12 September 2008 and it became the 5th most successful Estonian film premiere since the early 1990s. The movie was co-produced by Amrion Productions in Estonia, and Helsinki Filmi OY in Finland

Date at Midnight
Date at Midnight is a 1959 British crime film from the Danzigers.

One and Five
One and Five is a 1969 short film from Egypt.

Lily Was Here (film)
Lily Was Here (original title in Dutch: De Kassière, "The Cashier") is a 1989 Dutch drama film directed by Ben Verbong. One song from the soundtrack, performed by Candy Dulfer and Dave Stewart, was later released as a single – "Lily Was Here".

California Winter
California Winter is an American drama film from 2012.

Cayuco (film)
Cayuco is a Spanish documentary film from 2007.

Shima (film)
Shima is a 2007 film from Uzbekistan.

Bombay Dreams (film)
Bombay Dreams is a Swedish comedy film from 2004.