Princess Margarita of Baden
Princess Margarita of Baden(" Margarete Alice Thyra Viktoria Marie Louise Scholastica"; 14 July 1932 – 15 January 2013) was the only daughter of Berthold, Margrave of Baden, and Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark. She was the eldest niece of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark
Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark( born 11 May 1942) is the youngest child and second daughter of King Paul of Greece and his wife Princess Frederika of Hanover. She is the younger sister of Queen Sofía of Spain and of the deposed King Constantine II of Greece and maternal aunt of Felipe VI of Spain.

Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark (1906–1969)
Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark( 30 May 1906 – 16 October 1969) was the second child and daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg, and the second eldest sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Princess Alice of Battenberg
Princess Alice of Battenberg (Victoria Alice Elizabeth Julia Marie; 25 February 1885 – 5 December 1969) was the mother of Prince Philip and mother-in-law of Queen Elizabeth II. A great-granddaughter of Queen Victoria , she was born in Windsor Castle and grew up in the United Kingdom, the German Empire, and the Mediterranean. A Hessian princess by birth, she was a member of the Battenberg family, a morganatic branch of the House of Hesse-Darmstadt. She was congenitally deaf. After marrying Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark in 1903, she adopted the style of her husband, becoming Princess Andrew of Greece and Denmark. She lived in Greece until the exile of most of the Greek royal family in 1917. On returning to Greece a few years later, her husband was blamed in part for the country's defeat in the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922), and the family was once again forced into exile until the restoration of the Greek monarchy in 1935. In 1930, she was diagnosed with schizophrenia and was committed to a sanatorium in Switzerland; thereafter, she lived separately from her husband. After her recovery, she devoted most of her remaining years to charity work in Greece. She stayed in Athens during the Second World War, sheltering Jewish refugees, for which she is recognised as "Righteous Among the Nations" by Israel's Holocaust memorial institution, Yad Vashem. After the war, she stayed in Greece and founded a Greek Orthodox nursing order of nuns known as the Christian Sisterhood of Martha and Mary. After the fall of King Constantine II of Greece and the imposition of military rule in Greece in 1967, she was invited by her son and daughter-in-law to live at Buckingham Palace in London, where she died two years later. Her remains were transferred from a vault in her birthplace, Windsor Castle, to a Russian Orthodox convent, the Church of Mary Magdalene, on the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem in 1988.

Princess Elizabeth of Greece and Denmark
Princess Elisabeth of Greece and Denmark( 24 May 1904 – 11 January 1955) was the middle daughter of Prince Nicholas of Greece and Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna of Russia.

Princess Margarita of Greece and Denmark
Princess Margarita of Greece and Denmark (18 April 1905 – 24 April 1981) was the eldest child and daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg. She was the first great-great-grandchild of Queen Victoria, and the eldest sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Princess Eugénie of Greece and Denmark
Princess Eugénie of Greece and Denmark( 10 February 1910 – 13 February 1989) was the youngest child and only daughter of Prince George of Greece and Denmark and his wife, Princess Marie Bonaparte, daughter of Marie- Félix Blanc and Prince Roland Bonaparte, a great- nephew of Napoleon I. Her father was the second son of George I of Greece and Olga Constantinovna of Russia. As a cousin of the bridegroom, she was a leading guest at the 1947 wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She authored" Le Tsarevitch, Enfant Martyr", a biography of Aleksey Nikolaevich, Tsarevich of Russia, written in French, which was published in 1990.

Princess Irene, Duchess of Aosta
Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark( 13 February 1904 – 15 April 1974) was the fifth child and second daughter of Constantine I of Greece and his wife, the former Princess Sophie of Prussia. She was a member of the royal families of Greece and Italy. From 1941 to 1943 she was also officially Queen Consort of Croatia.

Philipp, Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg
Philipp, 10th Prince of Hohenlohe- Langenburg( Philipp Gottfried Alexander; born 20 January 1970 in Crailsheim, West Germany), is the middle child and only son of Kraft, Prince of Hohenlohe- Langenburg and his first wife, Princess Charlotte of Croÿ. Upon the death of his father in 2004, he became the titular Prince of Hohenlohe- Langenburg. He is a grandson of Princess Margarita of Greece and Denmark, and a grandnephew of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Anne, Princess Royal of the United Kingdom is one of his godmothers.

Princess Anastasia of Greece and Denmark
Princess Anastasia of Greece and Denmark ("née" Nonie May Stewart; 20 January 1878 – 29 August 1923) was an American-born heiress and member of the Greek Royal Family. She was married to Prince Christopher of Greece and Denmark, the youngest child of King George I of Greece and his consort, Grand Duchess Olga Constantinovna of Russia, but was created a princess "suo jure".