Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Agnès Varda
Agnès Varda (30 May 1928 – 29 March 2019) was a Belgian-born French film director, photographer and artist. Her work was pioneering for, and central to, the development of the widely influential French New Wave film movement of the 1950s and 1960s. Her films focused on achieving documentary realism, addressing feminist issues and producing other social commentary, with a distinctive experimental style. Varda's work employed location shooting in an era when the limitations of sound technology made it easier and more common to film indoors, with constructed sets and painted backdrops of landscapes, rather than outdoors, on location. Her use of non-professional actors was also unconventional for 1950s French cinema. Among other awards and nominations, she received an honorary Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival, a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival, an Academy Honorary Award, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Kochavi Shemesh
Kochavi Shemesh( sometimes spelled" Kohavi",; 10 January 1944 – 13 May 2019) was a lawyer, leftist activist, and one of the leaders of the Israeli Black Panthers and the editor of its main publication" Ha'panter Ha'shachor". He also helped form the Israeli political party Hadash, which formed as a merger between the Black Panthers, the Israeli Communist Party, and other leftist organizations.

Saadia Marciano
Saadia Marciano (1 May 1950 – 21 December 2007) was an Israeli social activist and politician, and founder of the Israeli Black Panthers.

Black Panthers (film)
Black Panthers is a 1968 short documentary film by Agnès Varda. The film was shot in Oakland, California during the protests over Huey P. Newton's arrest for John Frey's murder in 1967.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.