Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Peder Hjort
Peder Hjort or Peder Hiort (1715–1 August 1789) was a Norwegian businessperson. Peder Pedersen Hjort was born in the mining town of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag as the youngest of six children. His family originated in Schleswig-Flensburg. He attended the Trondheim Cathedral School and was trained at the University of Copenhagen as a theologian graduating in 1737. In 1743, he was appointed to a position with the Copper Works at Røros. In 1762, he assumed the position of magistrate, which his father held before him. He also became assistant mining director followed in 1772 as director of the mines. At that time, this was one of the most valuable mines in Norway. The operation consisted of several mines and smelters. In 1768, he became a member of Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters after he had authored "Historiske Efterretninger om Røros Kobberverk", a report about the history of the Røros copper plant.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Peder Mørk Mønsted
Peder Mørk Mønsted( 10 December 1859 – 20 June 1941) was a Danish realist painter. He is best known for his landscape paintings.

Ladislav Stroupežnický
Ladislav Stroupežnický (6 January 1850 – 11 August 1892) was a renowned Czech author, playwright, and dramatist, best known for the frequently staged play "Naši furianti".

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Peter Schousboe
Peter Schousboe, more fully Peter( or Peder) Kofod Ancher( or Anker) Schousboe( 1766 – 1832) was a Danish botanist. He was born in 1766 in Rønne, Denmark, and died in 1832 in Tangier, Morocco, having served as Danish consul general in Tangier from 1800 onwards. He conducted a botanical expedition in Spain and Morocco during the years 1791- 93. Among the plants that he was the first to describe was the popular garden flower" Salvia interrupta"; the bushwillow genus" Schousboea"( now considered a synonym of" Combretum") was named in his honour.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.