Robert Vadra
Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman, entrepreneur and the husband of Priyanka Gandhi. He is the son -in- law of Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, and the brother- in- law of Rahul Gandhi.

Fabia Eudokia
Eudokia or Eudocia (c. 580 – 13 August 612), originally named Fabia, was a Byzantine woman who became the first empress-consort of Heraclius from 610 to her death in 612. She was a daughter of Rogas, a landowner in the Exarchate of Africa, according to Theophanes the Confessor.

Charles Francis Norton
Charles Francis Norton( 1807 – 1835) was a 19th- century Member of Parliament for Guildford. Norton was also a Captain of 52nd Light Infantry; son-in- law of Sir Colin Campbell; brother- in- law of writer Caroline Norton

Greg Penner
Gregory B. Penner( born December 18, 1969) is an American businessman and venture capitalist. Penner was named the chairman of Walmart on June 5, 2015. He is the son-in- law of S. Robson Walton and the grandson- in- law of Sam Walton, the founder of Walmart.

Romanos Argyros (10th century)
Romanos Argyros was a Byzantine aristocrat and son-in- law of Emperor Romanos I Lekapenos.

Nick Sidi
Nick Sidi( born 22 February 1966 in Manchester, England) is an English actor. He is the son -in- law of actress Rosalind Knight and brother- in- law of actress Susannah Elliott- Knight. He often plays drama or comedy roles on television and frequently appears in BBC dramas.

Robert W. Levering
Robert Woodrow Levering( October 3, 1914 – August 11, 1989) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, son-in- law of Usher L. Burdick and brother- in- law of Quentin N. Burdick.

Heraclius
Heraclius ("Flavios Iraklios"; c. 575 – February 11, 641) was the Emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 610 to 641. His rise to power began in 608, when he and his father, Heraclius the Elder, the exarch of Africa, led a revolt against the unpopular usurper Phocas. Heraclius's reign was marked by several military campaigns. The year Heraclius came to power, the empire was threatened on multiple frontiers. Heraclius immediately took charge of the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628. The first battles of the campaign ended in defeat for the Byzantines; the Persian army fought their way to the Bosphorus but Constantinople was protected by impenetrable walls and a strong navy, and Heraclius was able to avoid total defeat. Soon after, he initiated reforms to rebuild and strengthen the military. Heraclius drove the Persians out of Asia Minor and pushed deep into their territory, defeating them decisively in 627 at the Battle of Nineveh. The Persian king Khosrow II was overthrown and executed by his son Kavad II, who soon sued for a peace treaty, agreeing to withdraw from all occupied territory. This way peaceful relations were restored to the two deeply strained empires. Heraclius lost many of his newly-regained lands to the Muslim conquests. Emerging from the Arabian Peninsula, the Muslims quickly conquered the Sasanian Empire. In 634 the Muslims marched into Roman Syria, defeating Heraclius's brother Theodore. Within a short period of time, the Arabs conquered Mesopotamia, Armenia and Egypt. Heraclius entered diplomatic relations with the Croats and Serbs in the Balkans. He tried to repair the schism in the Christian church in regard to the Monophysites, by promoting a compromise doctrine called Monothelitism. The Church of the East (commonly called Nestorian) was also involved in the process. Eventually this project of unity was rejected by all sides of the dispute.

Lee Chan-hyuk
Lee Chan- hyuk( born September 12, 1996), is a South Korean singer, songwriter and producer. He debuted as a member of the sibling duo AKMU in April 2014, under YG Entertainment.

Wyndham Goold
Wyndham Goold( 1812-1854) was a Member of Parliament( MP) for County Limerick from 1850 to 1854. Goold was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Dublin. He was the son in law of Frederick Falkiner Goold, Archdeacon of Raphoe and brother in law of Bishop Hamilton Verschoyle