Joan of Valois, Countess of Hainaut
Joan of Valois( c. 1294 – 7 March 1342) was a Countess consort of Hainaut, Holland, and Zeeland. She was the second eldest daughter of the French prince Charles, Count of Valois, and his first wife, Margaret, Countess of Anjou. As the sister of King Philip VI of France and the mother- in- law of Edward III, she was ideally placed to act as mediator between them.

Ermengarde-Gerberga of Anjou
Ermengarde- Gerberga of Anjou, also called Ermengarde of Anjou, was the Countess of Rennes, Regent of Brittany( 992–994) and also Countess of Angoulême.

Anne Yelverton
Anne Yelverton( 1628–1698) was Countess of Manchester and Countess of Halifax.

Charles, Count of Valois
Charles of Valois (12 March 1270 – 16 December 1325), the third son of Philip III of France and Isabella of Aragon, was a member of the House of Capet and founder of the House of Valois, whose rule over France would start in 1328. Charles ruled several principalities. He held in appanage the counties of Valois, Alençon and Perche. Through his marriage to Margaret of Anjou, he became Count of Anjou and Maine. Through his marriage to Catherine I, titular empress of the Latin Empire, he was titular Latin Emperor of Constantinople from 1301–1307, although he ruled from exile and only had authority over Crusader States in Greece. The grandson of Louis IX of France, Charles of Valois was a son, brother, brother-in-law and son-in-law of kings or queens (of France, Navarre, England and Naples). His descendants, the House of Valois, would become the royal house of France three years after his death, beginning with his son Philip VI of France.

Margaret, Countess of Anjou
Margaret, Countess of Anjou (1272 – 31 December 1299) was Countess of Anjou and Maine in her own right and Countess of Valois, Alençon, Chartres and Perche by marriage. Margaret's father was King Charles II of Naples, whilst her husband was Charles of Valois, and her older brother was Saint Louis of Toulouse; her nephew was Charles I of Hungary.

Serena Armstrong-Jones, Countess of Snowdon
Serena Alleyne Armstrong- Jones, Countess of Snowdon(" née" Stanhope; born 1 March 1970) is an Anglo- Irish aristocrat and the daughter- in- law of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, and a niece- by- marriage of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.

Fulk II, Count of Anjou
Fulk II of Anjou( c. 905 — 960), called(" the Good") was Count of Anjou from 942 to his death.

Margaret, Countess of Vertus
Margaret, Countess of Vertus( French:" Marguerite d' Orléans"; 4 December 1406 – 1466), was a French vassal, Countess of Vertus and Etampes 1420 – 1466. She was the daughter of Louis I, Duke of Orléans, and Valentina Visconti.

Margaret of Valois, Countess of Blois
Margaret of Valois( 1295–1342) was a French noblewoman. She was a daughter of Charles, Count of Valois, and his first wife, Margaret, Countess of Anjou. She was also a sister of King Philip VI of France. In 1310, she married Guy I, Count of Blois. They had three children together:

Marie of Blois, Duchess of Anjou
Marie of Blois( 1345- 1404) was a daughter of Joanna, Duchess of Brittany and Charles, Duke of Brittany. Through marriage to Louis I, Duke of Anjou, she became Duchess of Anjou, Countess of Maine, Duchess of Touraine, titular Queen of Naples and Jerusalem and Countess of Provence.