Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Gas (1981 film)
"(not to be confused with a similar-sounding 1970 film Gas-s-s-s)"
Gas is a 1981 Canadian comedy film released by Paramount Pictures, the plot of which was inspired by the 1979 energy crisis. The film was directd by Les Rose and produced by Claude Héroux.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Gas (2004 film)
Gas is a 2004 comedy/drama film, directed by Henry Chan. The film stars Flex Alexander ("One on OneLove... & Other 4 Letter Words") and Khalil Kain ("GirlfriendsLove Jones").

Henry Chan
Henry F. Chan  is an American film and television director. He has directed over 200 episodes of television for all major U.S. networks. In 2013 he directed his first Chinese language film 100 Days (真愛100天) in Taiwan. At the beginning of his career, Henry won a Primetime Emmy Award for editing "The Cosby Show" in 1986, he was also nominated again the following year. He made his directorial debut, directing "The Cosby Show" spin-off "A Different World". He has since directed episodes of --"The Comedy Get Down, Cooper Barrett's Guide to Surviving Life, Fresh Off the Boat, Zoe Ever After, A to Z, Growing Up Fisher, The Neighbors, Whitney, Don't Trust The B... in Apt. 23, 10 Things I hate about you , Let's Stay Together, Kitchen Confidential, Living SingleMoeshaThe ParkersGirlfriendsThe King of QueensScrubsLizzie McGuire" and a few other series." Henry's Chinese comedy series "Rich House, Poor House" 王子富愁记，aired on YOUKU in January 2018. In 2003, Henry directed his first film "Gas" starring Flex Alexander and Khalil Kain.