Progetto Babele
Progetto Babele is a literary magazine established in 2002 by Marco Roberto Capelli. The magazine can be bought in paper format or downloaded for free as a PDF file. In 2007, the magazine started an audiobooks section on its website, where it is possible to download dramatized versions of some of the short stories published in the magazine. " Progetto Babele" website is multilingual, with sub-sections in English, French, and Spanish. Notable writers that have contributed to" Progetto Babele" include: Corrado Augias, Valerio Evangelisti, Michael Hoeye, Fernando Sorrentino, Tullio Avoledo, and Arturo Pérez- Reverte.

The One (magazine)
The One was a video game magazine in the United Kingdom which covered 16-bit home gaming during the late 1980s and early 1990s. It was first published by EMAP in October 1988 and initially covered computer games aimed at the Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, and IBM PC markets. Like many similar magazines, it contained sections of news, game reviews, previews, tips, help guides, columnist writings, readers' letters, and cover-mounted disks of game demos. The magazine was sometimes criticised for including "filler" content such as articles on Arnold Schwarzenegger with the justification that an upcoming film had a computer game tie-in.
Readers also initially had trouble buying the magazine due to the name; "The One" lead to confusion among newsagents over exactly which magazine they meant.

Railway Transportation
Railway Transportation was an Australian magazine published by Shennan Publications between 1951 and 1972. It came out monthly.

Personal Computer World
Personal Computer World( PCW)( February 1978- June 2009) was the first British computer magazine. Although for at least the last decade it contained a high proportion of Windows PC content( reflecting the state of the IT field), the magazine's title was not intended as a specific reference to this. At its inception in 1978' personal computer' was still a generic term( the Apple II, PET 2001 and TRS- 80 had been launched as personal computers in 1977.) The magazine came out before the Wintel( or IBM PC compatible) platform existed; the original IBM PC itself was introduced in 1981. Similarly, the magazine was unrelated to the Amstrad PCW.

Ad Astra (magazine)
Ad Astra is the quarterly magazine of the National Space Society( NSS). The name literally means To the Stars. The magazine came into being following the merger of the L5 Society and the National Space Institute which became the NSS in 1987. The magazine was established in 1989. It is based in Washington DC. Imaginova, publisher of Space.com, published" Ad Astra" from 2005 to 2008. From 2008 until the company closed, the magazine was published by MM Publishing.

Murray's Magazine
Murray's Magazine was a monthly magazine published by the John Murray publishing house. Sixty issues were published, from January 1887 through to December 1891. It was priced at 1/-( one shilling). The magazine included limited amounts of fiction, including works by Non-fictional works include:

Vsyakaya vsyachina
Vsyakaya vsyachina( which may be translated as" Tutti- Frutti" or All Sorts and Sundries) was a Russian weekly magazine, established in 1769. In 1770, there were 18 issues of the magazine entitled" Барышек всякия всячин ы"( Baryshek vsyakiya vsyachiny). Empress Catherine II was a private editor- in- chief of the magazine. " Vsyakaya vsyachina" ridiculed the morals and manners of the Russian gentry and protected moderate moralizing satire. At the same time, the magazine came out against oppositionary moods in the society, primarily attacking progressive satiric magazines published by Nikolay Novikov.

Word Up! (magazine)
Word Up! was an American magazine focusing on teen entertainment and music. The magazine was part of Enoble Media Group. Its main focuses were African- American teen singers, rappers, models, and prodigies. The magazine came out monthly and usually had many posters and contests for fans of famous" To Die For" celebrities. It was very popular in the 1980s. The magazine mostly covered information concerning rap, Hip- hop and R&B music. The headquarters was in Paramus, New Jersey. As of 2012," Word Up" ceased publication. The last dated issue was April 2012.

LeftLion
LeftLion is a printed and online culture and listings magazine which covers Nottingham. It was originally set up by three childhood friends, Jared Wilson, Alan Gilby and Tim Bates, and launched as a website on 1 September 2003. The first issue of the printed magazine came out a year later in Autumn 2004. The printed magazine was published bi-monthly from 2004- 2014. Then, following a successful crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter they raised the funds to publish the magazine monthly, which it has done ever since. The online magazine is updated daily. The publication takes its name from a stone lion in Nottingham's Old Market Square, which since Nottingham Council House was built in the 1920s has served as a meeting point for people in Nottingham City Centre.

Flagship magazine
Flagship Magazine was an independent magazine for gamers. Published in the UK, it started in 1983 for Play- by- mail game( PBM) players. In 2002 it extended its coverage to include boardgames, role- playing games, web games and massively multiplayer online games, along with collectible card games and computer games. The magazine came out bimonthly with game reviews, diaries, news columns and an emphasis on reader feedback. Founded in 1983 by Nick Palmer and Chris Harvey," Flagship" was edited by Carol Mulholland from issue 70. Shortly after publishing issue 130 in 2010 Carol Mulholland suffered a serious illness and the magazine ceased publication.