Juan Carlos Martín Corral
Juan Carlos Martín Corral( born 20 January 1988), known as Juan Carlos, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a goalkeeper.

Juan Carlos Gumucio
Juan Carlos Gumucio Quiroga (November 7, 1949 – February 25, 2002) was a Bolivian-born journalist and writer, and the second husband of Marie Colvin.

Juan Carlos Real
Juan Carlos Real Ruiz( born 15 March 1991), known as Juan Carlos, is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Huesca as an attacking midfielder.

Juan Carlos I of Spain
Juan Carlos I( Juan Carlos Alfonso Víctor María de Borbón y Borbón- Dos Sicilias, born 5 January 1938) is a member of the Spanish royal family who reigned as King of Spain from November 1975 until his abdication in June 2014. Juan Carlos is the grandson of Alfonso XIII, the last king of Spain before the abolition of the monarchy in 1931 and the subsequent declaration of the Second Spanish Republic. Juan Carlos was born in Rome, Italy, during his family's exile. " Generalísimo" Francisco Franco took over the government of Spain after his victory in the Spanish Civil War in 1939, yet in 1947 Spain's status as a monarchy was affirmed and a law was passed allowing Franco to choose his successor. Juan Carlos's father, Juan, was the third son of King Alfonso, who had renounced his claims to the throne in January 1941. Juan was seen by Franco to be too liberal and in 1969 was bypassed in favour of Juan Carlos as Franco's successor as head of state. Juan Carlos spent his early years in Italy and came to Spain in 1947 to continue his studies. After completing his secondary education in 1955, he began his military training and entered the General Military Academy at Zaragoza. Later, he attended the Naval Military School, the General Academy of the Air, and finished his tertiary education at the University of Madrid. In 1962, Juan Carlos married Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark in Athens. The couple had two daughters and a son together: Elena, Cristina, and Felipe. Due to Franco's declining health, Juan Carlos first began periodically acting as Spain's head of state in the summer of 1974. Franco died in November the following year and Juan Carlos became king on 22 November 1975, two days after Franco's death, the first reigning monarch since 1931; although his exiled father did not formally renounce his claims to the throne in favor of his son until 1977. Expected to continue Franco's legacy, Juan Carlos, however, soon after his accession introduced reforms to dismantle the Francoist regime and begin the Spanish transition to democracy. This led to the approval of the Spanish Constitution of 1978 in a referendum, which re-established a constitutional monarchy. In 1981, Juan Carlos played a major role in preventing a coup that attempted to revert Spain to Francoist government in the King's name. In 2008, he was considered the most popular leader in all Ibero- America. Hailed for his role in Spain's transition to democracy, the King and the monarchy's reputation began to suffer after controversies surrounding his family arose, exacerbated by an elephant- hunting trip he undertook during a time of financial crisis in Spain. In 2014, Juan Carlos, citing personal reasons, abdicated in favour of his son, who acceded to the throne as Felipe VI.

Marie Colvin
Marie Catherine Colvin (January 12, 1956 – February 22, 2012) was a British/American journalist who worked as a foreign affairs correspondent for the British newspaper "The Sunday Times" from 1985 until her death. She died while covering the siege of Homs in Syria. After her death, Stony Brook University established the Marie Colvin Center for International Reporting in her honor. Her family also established the Marie Colvin Memorial Fund through the Long Island Community Foundation, which strives to give donations in Marie's name in honor of her humanitarianism. In July 2016, lawyers representing Colvin's family filed a civil action against the government of the Syrian Arab Republic claiming they had obtained proof that the Syrian government had directly ordered her assassination, leading to a judge finding the Syrian government guilty of her assassination in early 2019, awarding Colvin's family $302 million in damages.

Juan Carlos Gómez Díaz
Juan Carlos Gómez Díaz( born 6 April 1973), known as Juan Carlos, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, and a manager, most recently of Écija Balompié.

Juan Carlos Salazar
Juan Carlos Salazar is a well known Venezuelan singer and cuatro player. Juan Carlos was born in , a small oil town in the State of Monagas. Born to a singer, guitarist and cuatro player, Juan Carlos learned how to play cuatro and guitar by ear at an early age and took piano lessons in Fort Collins, Colorado.
Juan Carlos Salazar actually began his singing career by accident. While in high school he was selected to play the “cuatro” for a fellow student who was to represent their school in a nationwide singing competition. Three days before the big event, the singer developed an acute case of laryngitis. Too late to retire the school from the contest, the principal searched desperately for a replacement. The only student that knew the song was Juan Carlos. At the age of 16, without ever taking a singing lesson, Juan Carlos walked to the center of the stage and trembling all over sang the song. Upsetting all the favorites, Juan Carlos won first prize and national recognition. Juan Carlos is an accomplished performer with over twenty years of experience. He has performed internationally to “standing room only crowds” and in intimate settings in Venezuela, Dominican Republic, San Diego (CA), Miami, Orlando, Gainesville and Tampa (FL), Denver and Fort Collins (CO), San Juan (PR), Madrid (Spain), Bonn and Stuttgart (Germany), Brussels (Belgium), The Hague (Netherlands), Paris (France), London (England), Zurich and Berna (Switzerland). Since 2009 he lives currently in Orlando, Florida State.

Juan Carlos Pérez Frías
Juan Carlos Pérez Frías( born 27 July 1956), known as Juan Carlos, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.

Juan Carlos Sánchez Martínez
Juan Carlos Sánchez Martínez( born 27 July 1987), known as Juan Carlos, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Numancia as a goalkeeper.

Juan Carlos (footballer, born 1965)
Juan Carlos Rodríguez Moreno( born 19 January 1965 in Puente Castro, León), known as Juan Carlos, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.