Calling Philo Vance
Calling Philo Vance is a 1940 American mystery/comedy released by Warner Bros. and starring James Stephenson as the dilettante detective Philo Vance, his only appearance as the character; Margot Stevenson co-stars. The film also features Henry O'Neill, Edward Brophy, Sheila Bromley and Ralph Forbes. It was directed by William Clemens from a screenplay by Tom Reed, based on the 1933 novel "The Kennel Murder Case" by S. S. Van Dine, which had previously been made into a film in 1933, starring William Powell and Mary Astor. For this adaptation of the story, Vance is on international assignment from the United States government to investigate traffic in wartime aircraft designs. The original story dealt with art world double-dealing, but the solution to the mystery is the same in each film.

Philo Vance's Gamble
Philo Vance's Gamble is a 1947 American mystery film directed by Basil Wrangell and starring Alan Curtis, Vivian Austin and Tala Birell. It was the first of three films featuring the detective Philo Vance made by the Producers Releasing Corporation, as part of a loose series of Vance films stretching back to 1929.

Philo Vance Returns
Philo Vance Returns is a 1947 American mystery film directed by William Beaudine and starring William Wright, Vivian Austin and Leon Belasco. It was part of the long-running Philo Vance series.

Querelle
Querelle is a 1982 West German- French English- language drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brad Davis, adapted from French author Jean Genet's 1947 novel" Querelle of Brest". It marked Fassbinder's final film as a writer/ director; it was posthumously released just months after the director died of a drug overdose in June 1982.

The Witch's Curse
The Witch's Curse is a 1962 peplum- fantasy film, directed by Riccardo Freda.

William Clemens (film director)
William Clemens( September 10, 1905 – April 29, 1980) was an American film director. Born in Saginaw, Michigan, Clemens began his Hollywood career as a film editor in 1931. His first directing project was" Man Hunt" in 1936. His major credits include" On Dress Parade" with the Dead End Kids, two Perry Mason mysteries(" The Case of the Velvet Claws" and" The Case of the Stuttering Bishop"), three films featuring detective Tom Lawrence, a.k.a. " The Falcon," four films based on the Nancy Drew series, and" Calling Philo Vance" in 1940. Clemens' final project was" The Thirteenth Hour" in 1947. He died in Los Angeles, California in 1980.

Riccardo Freda
Riccardo Freda( Alexandria, Egypt, 24 February 1909 – Rome, Italy, 20 December 1999) was an Italian film director. He worked in a variety of genres, including sword- and- sandal, horror," giallo" and spy films. Freda began directing" I Vampiri" in 1956 but left the production midway to have it completed by Mario Bava. The film became the first Italian sound horror film production.

Philo Vance's Secret Mission
Philo Vance's Secret Mission is a 1947 American mystery film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Alan Curtis, Sheila Ryan and Tala Birell. It was part of a series of films featuring the detective Philo Vance made during the 1930s and 1940s. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Edward C. Jewell and Perry Smith.

Sir Claude Francis Barry, 3rd Baronet
Claude Barry( 16 December 1883- 25 October 1970), later calling himself Francis Barry, was a British etcher and painter in oils who often used a pointillist style or a limited palette of flat colours.

Kirk Morris
Kirk Morris( born 26 August 1942) is an Italian Bodybuilder and actor. Winner of" Mr. Italia Bodybuilding contest 1961 ” Born in Venice as Adriano Bellini, while at university Morris devoted himself to bodybuilding and thanks to his physique he was chosen by the director Tanio Boccia to play the title role in" The Triumph of Maciste". He subsequently starred in several other peplum films, including" The Witch's Curse" by Riccardo Freda. After the decline of the genre, he appeared in several adventure films, then he retired in the early 1970s. He was also an actor of Fotoromanzi.