Tami Hert
Tami Hert is an American R&B singer, who was signed to Epic Records in the 1990s. Her debut single" If You Were Mine" was released in 1998, and charted on the US" Billboard" R&B chart. She also appeared on" Soul Train".

James Thornton (songwriter)
James Thornton( December 5, 1861 – July 27, 1938) was an Irish- American songwriter and vaudeville performer. He is primarily remembered today as the composer of the 1898 song," When You Were Sweet Sixteen".

Swanky Street
"Swanky Street" is a maxi single by the Japanese rock band The Pillows. The song was included on their 1997 release Please Mr. Lostman. "Swanky Street" was featured ending music on an Asahi TV music program. The single also includes a cover of the Prince song "When You Were Mine".

When You Were Sweet Sixteen
" When You Were Sweet Sixteen" is a popular song, written by James Thornton and published in 1898. Inspired and sung by the composer's wife, the ballad quickly became a hit song in vaudeville. It has a long recording history that includes numerous popular singers, has been heard on film, and is considered a standard of barbershop quartets.

When You Were Mine (Prince song)
"When You Were Mine" is a song written and released by Prince on his 1980 album, "Dirty Mind". Though not released as a single, the song received a promotional 12" release (which included "Gotta Broken Heart Again" and "UptownWhen You Were Mine" was later the B-side for Prince's "Controversy" single in 1981. Prince has performed the song many times in concert, and a live version was included on his 2002 live album, "One Nite Alone... Live!". The original studio version was also included on "The Hits/The B-Sides" in 1993. Prince said he was inspired to write the rock song while listening to John Lennon. The track includes a Farfisa-inspired organ sound played on an Oberheim OB-X.

Marcos Hernandez (singer)
Marcos Hernandez was born in Phoenix, Arizona in 1982 and raised in Dallas, Texas. He worked at the Lewisville YMCA in Flower Mound, Texas as a lifeguard. Hernandez was discovered by Vanilla Ice manager Tommy Quon. He is a Mexican American pop singer whose debut single," If You Were Mine", was released in August 2005. The single got a good amount of airplay on Pop and Rhythmic stations and slowly crept up to the Top 25 on Top 40 radio. The single also went to No. 1 in South Africa and France. The video for the single was shot in Echo Park, California. He joined the U.S. Marines in 2009. His album" C About Me" was originally independently released on Ultrax Records, yet once" If You Were Mine" began taking off at radio, he signed a new deal with TVT Records with plans to retool the album. The album was eventually re-released on October 25, 2005 with a different album cover( a more photogenic, pop- looking shot), along with a couple of newly recorded tracks(" Get PersonalLovely GirlBitter Sweet The Way I Do" and" Call Me"). Since new tracks were added, a couple of songs on the original version of his debut album were omitted:(" Breaking All The Rules That Thing You DoSo SexyCome On Over BabySummertime 4 Play Matta No Mo" and" Mission For A Dream"). Following the success of" If You Were Mine", TVT had planned to release" If I'd Known"( featuring MC Magic of NB Ridaz), which was sent to radio. However, the track failed to take off and" The Way I Do" became Marcos' official second single. Promotional CDs were sent out, and the song went for adds to radio. Once again, no success at radio( and no video was shot) but the album's promotion did not stop there. However, the single was another No. 1 hit in South Africa. In June 2006 he traveled to South Africa and was interviewed on East Coast Radio and a third single," Call Me" was released to radio in July 2006. Meanwhile, a video for" Bitter Sweet" was allegedly shot during his stay in South Africa. Hernandez released his new international album entitled" Endless Nights" on July 24, 2007. In December 2010, Marcos announced on his official Facebook music page that he was returning to the world of music and that he was working on a new album. To that end, he signed on as an artist with The Entertainment District label. Marcos released the single" Medicine" on iTunes on April 19, 2011.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

When You Were Mine (Taylor Henderson song)
" When You Were Mine" is a song recorded by Australian singer and songwriter Taylor Henderson. The song was written by Henderson, Louis Schoorl, Hayley Warner and Alex Hope, and produced by Schoorl. It was released on 7 March 2014 as the lead single from Henderson's second studio album," Burnt Letters". Musically," When You Were Mine" a pop and folk song that incorporates influences of country music, with lyrics" about a lost love and wishing to buy back the time." The song received positive reviews from critics, who praised its composition and lyrics as well as Henderson's vocals. They also compared it to his debut single" Borrow My Heart"( 2013). " When You Were Mine" reached number five on the ARIA Singles Chart and became Henderson's third top- five song. It was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for selling over 70,000 copies. The accompanying music video was directed by James Chappell and filmed at a vintage record store. To promote the single, Henderson performed" When You Were Mine" on" Sunrise" and at shopping centres across Australia.

When You Were Mine
When You Were Mine may refer to:

Prince (musician)
Prince Rogers Nelson (June 7, 1958 – April 21, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter, musician, record producer, dancer, actor, and filmmaker. A guitar virtuoso known for his genre-crossing work, falsetto singing voice and flamboyant stage appearances, Prince is regarded as one of the greatest musicians of all time. His innovative music integrated a wide variety of styles, including funk, rock, R&B, new wave, soul, psychedelia, and pop. Prince pioneered the late 1970s Minneapolis sound, a funk rock subgenre drawing from synth-pop and new wave. Born and raised in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Prince developed an interest in music as a young child and wrote his first song, "Funk Machine", at the age of seven. He signed a recording contract with Warner Bros. Records at the age of 19, and released his debut album " For You" in 1978. Followed with his next four albums — "Prince" (1979), "Dirty Mind" (1980), "Controversy" (1981), and "1999" (1982)—Prince gained critical success, prominently showcasing his explicit lyrics as well as blending of funk, dance, and rock music. In 1984, he began referring to his backup band as The Revolution and released "Purple Rain", the soundtrack album to his successful film debut of the same name. It quickly became his most critically and commercially successful record, spending 24 consecutive weeks atop the "Billboard" 200. The film also won the Academy Award for Best Original Song Score, the last to receive the award. Following the disbandment of The Revolution, Prince released the critically acclaimed double album "Sign o' the Times" (1987). He released three more solo albums before debuting The New Power Generation band in 1991. In 1993, in the midst of a contractual dispute with Warner Bros., Prince changed his stage name to an unpronounceable symbol , also known as the "Love Symbol", and began releasing new albums at a faster rate in order to quickly meet a contractually required quota and therefore release himself from further obligations to the record label. He released five records between 1994 and 1996 before he signed with Arista Records in 1998. In 2000, he began referring to himself as "Prince" again. He subsequently released 16 albums, including "Musicology" (2004), which was his most successful album of the 2000s. His final album, "Hit n Run Phase Two", was first released on the Tidal streaming service in 2015. In April 2016, at the age of 57, Prince died of an accidental fentanyl overdose at his Paisley Park home and recording studio in Chanhassen, Minnesota. Prince sold over 130 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. He won seven Grammy Awards, seven Brit Awards, six American Music Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, an Academy Award, and a Golden Globe Award. He was also honored with special awards including the Grammy President's Merit Award, the American Music Award for Achievement and of Merit, and the "Billboard" Icon Award. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004 and the Rhythm and Blues Music Hall of Fame in 2016. " Rolling Stone" ranked Prince at No. 27 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.