Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Tom Forman (actor): Tom Forman (February 22, 1893 – November 7, 1926) was an American motion picture actor, director, writer, and producer of the early 1920s.

The Virginian (1923 film): The Virginian (1923) is a silent film based upon the Owen Wister novel "The Virginian" and adapted from the popular 1904 theatrical play Wister had collaborated on with playwright Kirke La Shelle. The film stars Kenneth Harlan as the Virginian and Russell Simpson as Trampas and was directed by Tom Forman. With the advent of talkies, the film was soon overshadowed by the 1929 motion picture "The Virginian" with Gary Cooper and Walter Huston.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

The Virginian (1914 film): The Virginian is a 1914 American silent western film based upon the novel" The Virginian" by Owen Wister. The film was adapted from the successful 1904 theatre play Wister had collaborated on with playwright Kirke La Shelle. " The Virginian" starred Dustin Farnum in the title role and was directed by Cecil B. DeMille.

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Terence Robinson: Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.