Eleanor, Countess of Vermandois
Eleanor of Vermandois also known as Eléonore de Vermandois (1148 or 1149 – 19 or 21 June 1213) was ruling countess of Vermandois in 1182-1213 and by marriage countess of Ostervant, Nevers, Auxerre, Boulogne and Beaumont. She was a daughter of Ralph I, Count of Vermandois, and his second spouse, Petronilla of Aquitaine.

Elisabeth, Countess of Vermandois
" Not to be confused with Elizabeth of Vermandois, Countess of Leicester" Elisabeth of Vermandois also known as Isabelle Mabile or Isabelle de Vermandois ( 1143 – Arras 28 March 1183) was ruling Countess of Vermandois from 1168 to 1182, and also Countess of Flanders by marriage to Philip I, Count of Flanders. She was the eldest daughter of Ralph I, Count of Vermandois and his second spouse Petronilla of Aquitaine.

Herbert III, Count of Vermandois
Herbert III of Vermandois( 953–1015), Count of Vermandois, was the son of Adalbert I of Vermandois and Gerberge of Lorraine.

Petronilla of Aquitaine
Petronilla of Aquitaine (1125 – 1190) was the second daughter of William X of Aquitaine and Aenor of Châtellerault. She was the elder sister of William Aigret and the younger sister of Eleanor of Aquitaine, who was Queen consort of France, later England. She is variously called Alix (or Aelith in Occitan) and Petronilla; she typically went by Alix after her marriage, while Petronilla seems to have been her childhood name (she is referred to as such in her father's will). Petronilla accompanied her sister to the French court, where she met Count Raoul I of Vermandois, who was a married man and a cousin to her brother-in-law Louis VII of France. He repudiated his wife and married her, and they were excommunicated by the Pope. Pope Innocent II promised to lift the excommunication, but went back on his promise in 1143. Hostilities flared, and Louis VII infamously burned Vitry-le-François. Finally the Pope died and his successor Pope Celestine II lifted the excommunication at Council of Reims in 1144. However, Petronilla and Raoul divorced in 1151, and he remarried the next year. Petronilla remained a member of the French royal court and a constant companion to her sister Eleanor while she was imprisoned by her husband King Henry II in England and Wales. After Henry's death, Eleanor was freed, and Petronilla planned on returning to France. Yet, records of Petronilla after 1189 are scarce. It is believed that she came down with a fever on her voyage from England back to France and died in early 1190 before her arrival at port. Together Raoul and Petronilla had three children:

Adalbert I, Count of Vermandois
Adalbert I of Vermandois(" the Pious"), in 946 he succeeded his father as Count of Vermandois.

Ralph I, Count of Vermandois
Ralph I of Vermandois( French:" Raoul I" le Vaillant)( d. 14 October 1152) was Count of Vermandois. He was a son of Hugh, Count of Vermandois and his wife, Adelaide, Countess of Vermandois. By his father, he was a grandson of Henry I of France, while his mother had been the heiress to Herbert IV, Count of Vermandois. His only paternal uncle was Philip I of France. Through him Ralph was a first cousin of Louis VI of France and a first cousin once removed of Louis VII of France. Ralph served as the seneschal of France during the reign of his cousin Louis VII. Under pressure from Queen consort Eleanor of Aquitaine, Louis allowed him to repudiate his wife Eleanor of Champagne, daughter of Stephen, Count of Blois and Adela of Normandy and sister of the reigning King Stephen of England, in favor of Eleanor of Aquitaine's sister, Petronilla of Aquitaine. This led to a war with Theobald II of Champagne, who was the brother of Ralph's first wife Eleanor. The war lasted two years( 1142 – 44) and ended with the occupation of Champagne by the royal army. Ralph and Petronilla were excommunicated by Pope Innocent II for a marriage deemed illegitimate, overriding three bishops who had already annulled Ralph's prior marriage. In 1148, Pope Eugene III, legitimized the marriage at the Council of Reims.

Adelaide, Countess of Vermandois
Adelaide of Vermandois( died 1120 or 1124) was" suo jure" Countess of Vermandois and Valois from 1085 to 1102.

Herbert IV, Count of Vermandois
Herbert IV of Vermandois( 1028–1080), Count of Vermandois, was the son of Otto of Vermandois and Parvie( Pavia or Patia).

Kawamura Sumiyoshi
Count, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy. Kawamura's wife Haru was the aunt of Saigō Takamori.

Otto, Count of Vermandois
Otto( or Eudes) of Vermandois( or Vermicelli)( 29 August 979 – 25 May 1045), Count of Vermandois, was the son of Herbert III, Count of Vermandois and Ermengarde of Bar-sur- Seine. He succeeded his brother, Adalbert II as count of Vermandois in 1015. Otto donated property to Notre- Dame de Homblières by charter.