Jari Neugebauer
Jari Neugebauer( born 21 October 1994 in Berlin) is a German professional ice hockey player. He currently plays for Düsseldorfer EG in the" Deutsche Eishockey Liga"( German Ice Hockey League).

Lila Neugebauer
Lila Neugebauer( born 1984/1985) is an American theatre director, writer and artistic director.

Gerry Neugebauer
Gerhart "Gerry" Neugebauer (3 September 1932 – 26 September 2014) was an American astronomer known for his pioneering work in infrared astronomy. Neugebauer was born in Göttingen, Germany and is the son of Otto Neugebauer, an Austrian-American mathematician and historian of science, and Grete Bruck. After moving to the United States at age seven, he received his A.B. in physics from Cornell University in 1954 and his Ph.D. in physics from Caltech in 1960, with a thesis on the photoproduction of negative and positive pions from deuterium. During his military service with the U.S. Army he was stationed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and worked for the Ordnance Corps until 1962. He joined the Caltech faculty in 1962 as an assistant professor, becoming a full professor of physics in 1970. He was named Howard Hughes Professor in 1985 and Chairman of the Division of Physics, Math and Astronomy in 1988. At the time of his death, he was the Robert Andrews Millikan Professor of Physics, Emeritus and an adjunct faculty member of the University of Arizona's Steward Observatory. Neugebauer served as the director of the Palomar Observatory from 1980 to 1994. Neugebauer was active in infrared astronomy, and played a leading role in infrared studies of the planets. In addition—and largely through his activities with the Infrared Astronomical Satellite (IRAS) and the Infrared Processing and Analysis Center (IPAC)—he led both ground- and space-based infrared studies of the stars, the Milky Way and other galaxies. Observations by him and his colleagues at Mount Wilson and Palomar observatories revealed thousands of infrared sources in the sky, and afforded the first infrared view of the galactic center. Together with Robert B. Leighton, he completed the Two-Micron Sky Survey, the first infrared survey of the sky, which cataloged more than 5,000 infrared sources. Together with Eric Becklin, he discovered the Becklin–Neugebauer Object, an intense source of infrared radiation in the Orion Nebula that is one of the brightest objects in the sky at wavelengths less than 10 micrometres. Neugebauer played a role in the design and construction of the W. M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii. Among Neugebauer's numerous awards are two NASA Exceptional Scientific Achievement Medals (1972, 1984), the 1985 Space Science Award of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics, the 1985 Richmyer Lecture Award, the 1986 Rumford Prize, the 1996 Henry Norris Russell Lectureship, the 1998 Herschel Medal, and the 2010 Bruce Medal. He was named California Scientist of the Year for 1986 by the California Museum of Science and Industry, and he was elected to the National Academy of the Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the Royal Astronomical Society. Neugebauer was married to the geophysicist Marcia Neugebauer, a pioneer in solar wind research at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and the two resided in Tucson, Arizona. He died on 26 September 2014 in Tucson, due to spinocerebellar ataxia.

Sally Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster
Sally Grosvenor, Duchess of Westminster(" née" Perry; 1909 – 30 May 1990), was the wife of Gerald Grosvenor, 4th Duke of Westminster.

Marcia Neugebauer
Marcia Neugebauer (born September 27, 1932) is a prominent American geophysicist who made contributions to space physics. Neugebauer's research are among the first that yielded the first direct measurements of the solar wind and shed light on its physics and interaction with comets. Neugebauer was an investigator of the Mariner 2 plasma analyzer that made the first extensive measurements of the solar wind and discovery of its properties. She also developed analytical instruments that orbited Earth, some set up on the moon by the Apollo astronauts, and others that flew by Halley's comet on the European Giotto mission. Neugebauer was Study Scientist for many space missions during her long career with NASA, and held several management positions at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, including Manager of the Physics and Space Physics sections, Manager of the Mariner Mark II study team, and Project Scientist for Rangers 1 and 2 and the Comet Rendezvous Asteroid Flyby mission. Neugebauer served as president of the American Geophysical Union from 1994-1996 and was Editor-in-Chief of its journal "Reviews of Geophysics". She also chaired the National Academy of Sciences' Committee on Solar and Space Physics. Neugebauer was born in New York City. She received a B.A. in physics from Cornell University in 1954, followed by an M.S. in physics from the University of Illinois in Urbana in 1956. She was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Physics in 1998 by the University of New Hampshire. She was married to astrophysicist Gerry Neugebauer.

Artaynte
Artaynte( f. 478 BC), was the wife of the Crown Prince Darius.

Empress Shōken
, also known as, was the wife of Emperor Meiji of Japan.

Catherine Exley
Catherine Exley was the wife of a soldier and accompanied her husband when he served in Portugal, Spain and Ireland during the Napoleonic Wars. She is best known as the author of a diary that gives an account of military life in that era from the viewpoint of the wife of a common soldier.

Agatha (wife of Samuel of Bulgaria)
Agatha was the wife of Emperor Samuel of Bulgaria.

Eunoë (wife of Bogudes)
Eunoë was the wife of Bogudes, King of Mauretania.