Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Eric Chan
Eric Chan Kwok- ki, SBS, IDSM( born 1959) is a Hong Kong civil servant who is the Director of the Chief Executive's Office. Previously, Chan was the Director of Immigration( 2011–2016).

Laurent Le Bon
Laurent Le Bon( born 2 April 1969) is a French art historian who is the director of the Musée Picasso.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Monsieur N.
Monsieur N. is a 2003 British-French film directed by Antoine de Caunes. It tells the story of the last years of the life of the Emperor Napoléon (played by Philippe Torreton), who was imprisoned by the British on St Helena. Napoléon retained a loyal entourage of officers who helped him plot his escape, and evaded the attentions of Major-General Sir Hudson Lowe (Richard E. Grant), the island's overzealous Governor. The film suggests that Napoléon could have escaped to Louisiana, where he died, and that the body exhumed and now at Les Invalides is that of Napoléon's officer Cipriani. The film also suggests that Napoléon and his young new English wife could have attended the ceremony of "Napoléon's" burial in the Invalides.

Antoine de Caunes
Antoine de Caunes (born 1 December 1953) is a French television presenter, actor, writer and film director. He is the son of two prominent French personalities, television journalist-reporter Georges de Caunes and television announcer Jacqueline Joubert. He is the father of the actress Emma de Caunes.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Marcel Brands
Marcel Brands( born 1962) is a Dutch former professional footballer who is the Director of Football at English club Everton.