Come Rain or Shine: The Harold Arlen Songbook
Come Rain or Shine: The Harold Arlen Songbook is a 1996 album by André Previn and Sylvia McNair of songs by the composer Harold Arlen. The initial" Billboard" magazine review from June 8, 1996 commented that" McNair is best in cozy renditions of Arlen ballads, giving away a tad too- much of her concert hall skills on the rhythm numbers ... the album has that wonderful, intimate air of a singer and musician who got together for what turned out to be a charming gathering' round the keyboard". " Come Rain or Come Shine" was also reviewed in" BBC Music MagazineSan Diego Magazine" and" Gramophone".

Harrad Summer
Harrad Summer is a 1974 film sequel to the 1973 film" The Harrad Experiment", directed by Steven Hilliard Stern. The film follows Harrad College students Stanley, Sheila, Harry, and Beth as they spend summer vacation together to get to know their families. Don Johnson and Bruno Kirby did not reprise their roles from the first film, while James Whitmore's character did not appear and Tippi Hedren's role from the original film was played by Emmaline Henry.

Rain or Shine Elasto Painters all-time roster
This contains the list of players who have played for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters from 2006 to present.

Rain or Shine (Houston Person album)
Rain or Shine is an album by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 2017 and released on the HighNote label.

Rain or Shine (Dick Haymes album)
Rain Or Shine is an album from Dick Haymes. Released in 1955 and with musical direction by Ian Bernard plus Johnny Mandel on" Love Is Here To Stay" and" Come Rain Or Come Shine".

Rain or Shine
Rain or Shine may refer to:

List of Rain or Shine Elasto Painters seasons
This is a list of seasons by the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters of the Philippine Basketball Association.

Come Rain or Shine
Come Rain or Shine is a 1992 Australian film about a man who becomes obsessed with a mysterious woman.

Rey Nambatac
Rey Benedict Chan Nambatac( born January 27, 1994) is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters of the Philippine Basketball Association( PBA). He played for the Letran Knights in the NCAA during his college days. He was selected seventh overall pick in the 2017 PBA draft by Rain or Shine Elasto Painters.

The Harrad Experiment
The Harrad Experiment is a 1973 coming- of- age film about a fictional school called Harrad College where the students learn about sexuality and experiment with each other. Based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Robert Rimmer, this film deals with the concept of free love during the height of the sexual revolution which took place in the United States during the late 1960s and early 1970s. The movie stars James Whitmore and Tippi Hedren as the married couple who run the school, and includes a young Don Johnson( who would later go on to be Hedren's son -in- law) as one of the students who tries to go beyond the rules. It was directed by Ted Post. A sequel," Harrad Summer", was released in 1974.