Louise Linton
Louise Linton (née Hay) is a Scottish actress. She was born on December 21, 1980. She has appeared in the horror films "Cabin Fever" and "Intruder" and in minor roles in the television series  and "Cold Case". Linton is married to Steven Mnuchin, the current United States Secretary of the Treasury.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

Mary Horner Lyell
Mary Horner Lyell (9 October 1808 – 24 April 1873) was a conchologist and geologist. She was married to the notable British geologist Charles Lyell and assisted him in his scientific work. She never became widely known in her own right, although it is believed by historians that she likely made major contributions to her husband's work.

Mordechai Rotenberg
Mordechai Rotenberg( 1932) is an Israeli professor of social work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

Steven Mnuchin
Steven Terner Mnuchin (born December 21, 1962) is an American politician and investment banker who is serving as the 77th United States secretary of the treasury as part of the Cabinet of Donald Trump. Previously, Mnuchin had been a hedge fund manager and investor. After he graduated from Yale University in 1985, Mnuchin worked for investment bank Goldman Sachs for 17 years, eventually becoming its chief information officer. After he left Goldman Sachs in 2002, he worked for and founded several hedge funds. Mnuchin was a member of Sears Holdings's board of directors from 2005 until December 2016, and before that was on Kmart's board of directors. After Sears went bankrupt, the company that formerly owned it sued Mnuchin and ex-CEO Edward Lampert for "asset stripping" during their tenure. During the financial crisis of 2007–2008, Mnuchin bought failed residential lender IndyMac. He changed the name to OneWest Bank and rebuilt the bank, then sold it to CIT Group in 2015. During his time as OneWest CEO and chairman, the bank became embroiled in several lawsuits over questionable foreclosures. Mnuchin joined Trump's presidential campaign in 2016, and was named national finance chairman for the campaign. On February 13, 2017, Mnuchin was confirmed to be President Donald Trump's secretary of the treasury by a 53–47 vote in the U.S. Senate. As Secretary of the Treasury, Mnuchin supported the tax reform of 2017 and advocated reducing corporate tax rates. In regards to regulatory policy, Mnuchin supports a partial repeal of Dodd-Frank, citing the complexity of the legislation. Mnuchin's use of government aircraft for personal usage has come under scrutiny from the U.S. Treasury's Office of Inspector General and a watchdog group.

Alan McKenzie
Alan McKenzie is a British comics writer and editor known for his work at" 2000 AD".

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

J. A. Lawrence
Judith Ann Blish( née Lawrence — born c. March 1940), known professionally as Judith L. Blish, Judy Blish, and J.A. Lawrence, is an American sketch artist and short fiction writer. She is most well known for her work on the series of" Star Trek" episode novelizations, alongside her husband James Blish, published from 1967 to 1978. She has been active in preserving, and promoting her husband's work.