Yeo Woon-kon
Yeo Woon- Kon( born September 4, 1974) is a field hockey player from South Korea, who was a member of the Men's National Team that won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. In the final the South Koreans were beaten by the Dutch title holders after penalty strokes. Yeo also competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

Carl-Henrik Norin
Carl- Henrik Norin( March 27, 1920, Västerås- May 23, 1967, Stockholm) was a Swedish jazz saxophonist. Norin first began playing professionally in the early 1940s, including with Gösta Tönne and Thore Ehrling. As a member of Ehrling's ensemble, he composed the piece" Mississippi Mood". He led a sextet in Stockholm in the 1950s and early 1960s, which played jazz as well as accompanying popular singers such as Bibi Johns; among its sidemen were Jan Allan and Rolf Billberg. He played with, among others, Harry Arnold, Roy Eldridge, Lars Gullin, Peanuts Holland, and Bjarne Nerem.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Yeo Woon-kay
Yeo Woon-kay ( February 25, 1940 – May 22, 2009) was a South Korean film actress and television personality. She was best known for Korean films such as" Money ’s WarfareBad Family" and" My Name is Kim Sam Soon". Yeo began acting while in high school. She continued to act while attending Korea University, where she studied literature. She became known for her work in daehakgeuk, which is also called amateur student theater, during the 1950s and 1960s, alongside other contemporary Korean actors like Lee Soon- jae. She made her professional theater debut with a theater troupe in 1962. From theater, she was able to transition to a successful television career. She often played the role of a grandmother or" grandmotherly figure" in roles beginning in her twenties. Examples of these characters included her roles in" Toji" in 1986 and" Jewel in the Palace" in 2003. Ms. Yeo was diagnosed with kidney cancer in 2007 while shooting the SBS movie" The King and I". But she continued to act and began work on the KBS2 production of" Jang-hwa and Hong- ryeon The Tale of Two Sisters")., eventually quitting the production due to pneumonia, indicating the spread of cancer to her lungs. Yeo entered the hospital intensive care unit in May 2009. Reports say that she fell into a coma and was placed on life support. She died around 8 P.M. on May 22, 2009, at the Incheon Catholic Medical Center in Incheon, South Korea, at the age of 69. Her funeral was held at the Yonsei University Severance Hospital. Yeo was awarded the Life Achievement Award posthumously at the KBS Drama Awards in 2009.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Rolf Billberg
Rolf Billberg( 22 August 1930 – 17 August 1966) was a Swedish alto saxophone player active during the 1950s and 1960s.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.