Teresa of St. Rose of Lima
Teresa of St. Rose of Lima was the founder of the Institute of the Carmelite Sisters of St. Teresa( CSST) Congregation in Kerala, India.

St James Holdings
St James Holdings Limited is a company set up by tycoon Mike Ashley, specifically to acquire shares of Newcastle United Football Club. The company name is a reference to St James' Park, the stadium of Newcastle United. On 23 May 2007 English businessman Mike Ashley bought Sir John Hall's stake in Newcastle United F.C of 41.6% for £55,342,223, valuing the club at £132,810,710.35, he then launched a formal takeover bid at 100p per share. This was a 14% rise on the price at closing on the London Stock Exchange the day before. Chairman Freddy Shepherd, who was in hospital at the time of the bid suffering from a punctured lung, said that he planned to fight the takeover and not allow Mike Ashley to get his hands on his 29.8%.

Mike Ashley (businessman)
Michael James Wallace Ashley (born 9 September 1964) is a British billionaire retail entrepreneur in the sporting goods market, and the chief executive of Sports Direct. He entered the department store industry following the acquisition of House of Fraser following administration in 2018. He is also the owner of Newcastle United after paying around £135 million to buy the club. According to The "Sunday Times Rich List" in 2019, Ashley is worth £1.976 billion, a decrease of £461 million from the previous year. Since Sports Direct International Plc went public, and his purchase of Newcastle United where he took to sitting in the stands with fans, Ashley took on a more public and accessible persona. However, after the departure of Kevin Keegan as manager and the club's relegation, he has only made low key appearances when attending Newcastle matches.

Jon St. James
Jon St. James is an American guitarist, songwriter – composer, producer and recording engineer. His Casbah Recording Studio was a part of Orange County, California's new music scene in the late 1970s and early to mid-1980s. St. James' first album was as leader – frontman – songwriter of the progressive rock group French Lick. St James was a pioneer of techno pop and dance music, using Moog synthesizers, electronic effects, and tape loops. St. James lived in France for two years, studying Musique concrète with French composers. There he first used Revox A77 tape machines to create ambient electronic textures. Upon returning from France, St. James started the electronic pop group Q with Stacey Swain( Stacey Q), Dan Van Patten from Berlin and John Van Tongeren. Q released one single," Playback", on Cocteau Records, which was co-owned by Bill Nelson of Bebop Deluxe fame. Q also released a self- titled EP on red vinyl in the US on M.A.O. Records in 1982. Q later became SSQ and signed with EMI America Records on the heels of St. James' recording the first Berlin album" Pleasure Victim". EMI signed St. James to a six- record solo deal. The first single off St. James' solo album" Trans- Atlantic" was to be" The Girl Who Seduced the World", which David Bowie wanted for his album" Let's Dance". However, EMI America closed its doors almost immediately after the release of the SSQ and Jon St. James albums. St. James continued to do TV and movie work. He and Swain regrouped as Stacey Q in 1984 and released" Two of Hearts", which became a worldwide pop hit on Atlantic Records.

Where Do I Go from Here
Where Do I Go from Here or Where Do I Go from Here? may refer to:

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

St. James' Church
St James Church, St. James' Church or St. James Chapel or St. James Parish Church may refer to:

Cathedral of St. James
Cathedral of St. James or St. James Cathedral may refer to:

Where Do You Go
Where Do You Go may refer to:

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.