John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

Adam Osborne
Adam Osborne (March 6, 1939 – March 18, 2003) was a Thailand-born British-American author, book and software publisher, and computer designer who founded several companies in the United States and elsewhere. He introduced the Osborne 1, the first commercially successful portable computer.

Emerson Spartz
Emerson James Spartz( born February 17, 1987) is the founder of the viral media company Dose and the founder of MuggleNet, a Harry Potter fansite.

Richard Osborne (singer)
Richard Osborne,( born 12 December 1989) is a British singer/ songwriter, from Ipswich, England, he is publicly known under the moniker of Osborne.

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

Sue Fennessy
Sue Fennessy( born 25 July 1968) is an Australian- born American entrepreneur. She is the founder and CEO of WeAre8, the founder of the Standard Media Index( SMI), the founder of Frontiers Group LTD, and a fellow at Monash University.

Osborne Computer Corporation
The Osborne Computer Corporation (OCC) was a pioneering maker of portable computers. It was located in the Silicon Valley of the southern San Francisco Bay Area in California. Adam Osborne the founder of the company, developed, with design work from Lee Felsenstein, the world's first mass-produced portable computer in 1981.

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.

Tim League
Tim League is an American entrepreneur and film producer based in Austin, Texas. He is the founder of the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema chain and the founder of the film distribution company Drafthouse Films, where League has produced films including" The ABCs of Death".. He is also the co-founder of genre film festival Fantastic Fest, the co-founder of entertainment merchandise entity Mondo, and the co-founder of film distribution and production company Neon.