3 Supermen Against the Godfather
3 Supermen Against the Godfather is a superhero film directed by Italo Martinenghi.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

The Godfather Part II
The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo, starring Al Pacino and Robert De Niro. Partially based on Puzo's 1969 novel" The Godfather", the film is both sequel and prequel to" The Godfather", presenting parallel dramas: one picks up the 1958 story of Michael Corleone( Pacino), the new Don of the Corleone crime family, protecting the family business in the aftermath of an attempt on his life; the prequel covers the journey of his father, Vito Corleone( De Niro), from his Sicilian childhood to the founding of his family enterprise in New York City. Following the success of the first film, Paramount Pictures began developing a follow up to the film, with much of the same cast and crew returning. Coppola, who was given more control on the film, had wanted to make both a sequel and a prequel to the film to tell the story of the rise of Vito and the fall of Michael. Principal photography began in October 1973 and wrapped up in June 1974. " The Godfather Part II" premiered in New York City on December 12, 1974, and was released in the United States on December 20, 1974, receiving divided reviews from critics but its reputation, however, improved rapidly and it soon became the subject of critical re-evaluation. It grossed$ 88 million worldwide on a$ 13 million budget. The film was nominated for eleven Academy Awards at the 47th Academy Awards and became the first sequel to win for Best Picture. Its six Oscar wins also included Best Director for Coppola, Best Supporting Actor for De Niro and Best Adapted Screenplay for Coppola and Puzo. Pacino won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. Both" The Godfather Part II" and its predecessor remain highly influential films, especially in the gangster genre, and the former has been reevaluated. In 1997, the American Film Institute ranked it as the 32nd- greatest film in American film history and it retained this position 10 years later. Some have deemed it superior to" The Godfather". It was selected for preservation in the U.S. National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 1993, being deemed" culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". The final film in the trilogy," The Godfather Part III", was released in 1990.

Long Arm of the Godfather
Long Arm of the Godfather is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Nardo Bonomi and starring Adolfo Celi.

Long Arm of the Law (film)
Long Arm of the Law( 省港旗兵," Guangdong and Hong Kong Criminals") is a 1984 Hong Kong film directed by Johnny Mak Tong- hung. The film was followed by two sequels:" Long Arm of the Law II"( 1987) and" Long Arm of the Law III"( 1989).

Long Arm of the Law
Long Arm of the Law may refer to:

Il figlioccio del padrino
Il figlioccio del padrino(" The Godson of the Godfather") is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti. A parody of" The Godfather", it was mainly shot in Acireale. The film got a good commercial success, grossing about 500 million lire.

Long Arm of the Law Part 3
Long Arm of the Law Part 3 is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau, Elizabeth Lee, Max Mok and Elvis Tsui. The film is the third entry of the" Long Arm of the Law" film series, where each of the films have a different storyline.

The Long Arm
Long arm or The Long Arm can refer to:

Virineya
Virineya is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by.