Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Dylan Avery
Dylan Avery( born November 1, 1983) is an American filmmaker and the creator of the" Loose Change" films.

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

The Return of Luk Siu-fung
The Return of Luk Siu-fung is a 1986 Hong Kong television series adapted from Gu Long's "Lu Xiaofeng" novel series. The series was first aired on TVB in Hong Kong in 1986.

Frank Yu
" Frank" Yu Siu Fung( born 25 May 1963) is a Hong Kong racing driver currently competing in the GT Asia Series. He is a former TCR International Series driver, who made his debut in 2015.

Gu Long
Xiong Yaohua (7 June 1938 – 21 September 1985), better known by his pen name Gu Long, was a Chinese novelist, screenwriter, film producer and director based in Taiwan. A graduate of Cheng Kung Senior High School and Tamkang University, Xiong is best known for writing wuxia novels and serials, which include "Juedai ShuangjiaoXiaoli Feidao SeriesChu Liuxiang SeriesLu Xiaofeng Series" and "The Eleventh Son". Some of these works have been adapted into films and television series for numerous times. In the 1980s, he started his own film studio, Bao Sian, to produce film adaptations of his works.