Herod Agrippa
Herod Agrippa, also known as Herod or Agrippa I (
11 BC – 44 AD), was a King of Judea from 41 to 44 AD. He was the last ruler with the royal title reigning over Judea and the father of Herod Agrippa II, the last king from the Herodian dynasty. The grandson of Herod the Great and son of Aristobulus IV and Berenice , He is the king named Herod in the Acts of the Apostles : "Herod (Agrippa)" . Agrippa's territory comprised most of modern Israel, including Judea, Galilee, Batanaea and Perea. From Galilee his territory extended east to Trachonitis.

Prithvipati Shah
Prithvipati Shah( ?–1716) was the king of the Gorkha Kingdom in the Indian subcontinent, present- day Nepal. He was the grandfather of Nara Bhupal Shah.

Abd al-Muttalib
Abd al- Muttalib Shaybah ibn Hashim( c. 497 – 578) was the grandfather of Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Mariamne (daughter of Herod Agrippa)
Mariamne (born 34 or 35) was a daughter of King Herod Agrippa I. She was betrothed by her father to Julius Archelaus, son of Chelcias (maybe Hilkiya in Hebrew who was a friend and an officer at the court), but this marriage had not yet been enacted upon her father's death. Her brother Agrippa II enacted the marriage once he had been made tetrarch in around 49/50. From this marriage was derived a daughter, whose name was Berenice. Around 65 she left her husband and married Demetrius of Alexandria who was its Alabarch and had a son from him named Agrippinus.

Henry Bryant (naturalist)
Henry Bryant( May 12, 1820 – February 2, 1867) was an American physician and naturalist. He was the grandfather of Henry Bryant Bigelow.

John Westley
Rev. John Westley( 1636 – 78) was an English nonconformist minister. He was the grandfather of John Wesley( founder of Methodism).

Fujiwara no Nagara
, also known as Fujiwara no Nagayoshi, was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician of the early Heian period. He was the grandfather of Emperor Yōzei.

Guillaume Wittouck
Guillaume Wittouck( 1749- 1829) was a Belgian lawyer and High Magistrate. He was the Grandfather of industrialist Paul Wittouck.

Kaya Alp
Kaya Alp was, according to Ottoman tradition, the son of Kızıl Buğa and the father of Suleyman Shah, who was, in turn, the grandfather of Ertuğrul, and the great grandfather of the Ottoman Empire founder, Osman I.

Lyon Cohen
Lyon Cohen( 1868–1937) was a Polish- born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist. He was the grandfather of singer/ poet Leonard Cohen.