R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Iraj Kiarostami
Iraj Kiarostami (7 July 1963 – 6 August 2015) was an amateur boxer from Iran, who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics in the Super heavyweight (+91 kg) division and lost in the first round to Jerry Nijman of the Netherlands. He is also an Asian Games bronze medalist.

Joseph Peyré
Joseph Peyré( 13 March 1892 in Aydie( Pyrénées- Atlantiques) – 26 December 1968 in Cannes) was a French writer. He won the Prix Goncourt in 1935 for" Sang et Lumières".

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Heyran Khanim
Heyran Khanim was an Azerbaijani poet who lived in the first half of the 19th century.