Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Fausto Vitello
Fausto Vitello( August 7, 1946 – April 22, 2006) was an Argentine- American businessman, magazine publisher, and skateboarder. Vitello was the creator of" Thrasher" magazine and co-creator of Independent trucks.

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Cyril Hanouna
Cyril Valéry Hanouna (born 23 September 1974 in Paris) is a French radio and television presenter, writer, author, columnist, producer, singer and occasional actor and comedian of Tunisian origins. He is best known for hosting the popular French TV show Touche Pas à Mon Poste !.

It's Only TV
It's Only TV, known in France as Touche pas à mon poste ! (or simply TPMP), is a French live television talk show broadcast on C8 and produced by H2O Productions. It deals with media news (focusing on TV). Presented by Cyril Hanouna, the show is broadcast from Monday to Friday at 7:00 pm and rebroadcast several times during the day. Since September 2013, the show is also broadcast in Belgium on Plug RTL.

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Burt Blanca
Norbert Arthur Blancke( Neder- Over- Heembeek, 6 August 1944) is a Belgian rock and roll musician. He is best known for the hit singles" Touche pas à mon rock' n' roll Ma Guitare bleueLe Train Ne Passe Plus Par LàLe Locomotion" and, as The Klaxons," ClapClap Sound".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.