Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen
Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen or Kunigunde of Swabia( February/ March 1202 – 13 September 1248) was the third daughter of Philip, Duke of Swabia and his wife, Irene Angelina.

Kunigunde of Rapperswil
Kunigunde of Rapperswil( died in early 4th century AD) is a Christian saint. In Old High German her name means" fighter for her clan".

Kunigunde of Poland
Kunigunde of Poland( c. 1298 – 9 April 1331) was a daughter of Władysław I the Elbow-high and his wife Jadwiga of Greater Poland. Her siblings included, Casimir III of Poland and Elisabeth, Queen of Hungary. She was a member of the House of Piast.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

Władysław I Łokietek
Władysław I Łokietek, also known as Władysław I the Elbow- high or the Short( c. 1260 – 2 March 1333) was the King of Poland from 1320 to 1333, and duke of several of the provinces and principalities in the preceding years. He was a member of the Piast family of rulers, son of Duke Casimir I of Kujawy, and great- grandson of King Casimir II the Just. He inherited a small portion of his father's lands, but his dominion grew as some of his brothers died young. He tried to add the Duchy of Krakow( the Seniorate Province) in 1289, after the death of his half- brother Leszek II the Black and the withdrawal from contention of his ally Bolesław II of Masovia, but was unsuccessful. After a period in exile during the rule of Wenceslas II, Władysław regained some duchies after Wenceslas ’ death, and then Krakow in 1306 after the murder of Wenceslas III. He temporarily took control of part of Greater Poland after the death of his ally Przemys ł II, lost it, and then regained it later on. He conquered Gdansk Pomerania, and left it to familial governors. For the defense of this territory, he turned to the Teutonic Knights, who then demanded an exorbitant sum or the land itself as an alternative. This led to an extended battle with the Knights, which was not resolved after either a papal trial or Władysław's own death. Perhaps his greatest achievement was gaining papal permission to be crowned king of Poland in 1320, which occurred for the first time at Wawel Cathedral in Krakow. Władysław died in 1333 and was succeeded by his more renowned son, Casimir III the Great.

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Beatrice of Bohemia
Beatrice of Bohemia( 1225–1290) was a daughter of King Wenceslaus I of Bohemia and his wife Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen. She married Margrave Otto III and was the mother of:

Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen
Kunigunde of Hohenstaufen or Kunigunde of Swabia( February/ March 1202 – 13 September 1248) was the third daughter of Philip, Duke of Swabia and his wife, Irene Angelina.

Kunigunde of Sternberg
Kunigunde of Sternberg( 18 November 1425, Konopiště – 19 November 1449, Poděbrady) was the first wife of George of Poděbrady, who later became King of Bohemia.