Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts
Army of Lovers or Revolt of the Perverts is a 1979 German documentary film directed by Rosa von Praunheim. The film, mainly shot in San Francisco, chronicles the rise of gay activism in the United States between 1972 and 1978 in the aftermath of the Stonewall riots and before the arrival of the AIDS epidemic. It explores, among other themes, the initial unity formed post -Stonewall era, splintered into numerous factions. The American gay liberation movement, strengthened by the assault of the Anita Bryant- led anti-gay initiatives, appears foundering into polarization and self- interest groups in an increasingly fractured leadership. The film discusses whether overt sexual expression and promiscuity were helping or hurting the cause of gay rights. Those interviewed include a gay Nazi; gay porno movie stars; spokespersons from the Gay Activists Alliance and its more conservative counterpart, the National Gay Task Force; leaders of the Mattachine society; the founders of the Daughters of Bilitis; and novelist John Rechy, who defends gay male promiscuity against the director ’s contention that what is hurting the gay men ’s movement is the obsession with “ discos ”, baths, and orgy bars ”.

Revolt of the Barbarians
Revolt of the Barbarians( Italian: La rivolta dei barbari) is a 1964 Italian film directed by Guido Malatesta.

The PyraMMMid
The PyraMMMid is a 2011 Russian crime drama directed by Eldar Salavatov. The plot is based on the partially biographic story" Pyramid" by Sergei Mavrodi.

The Revolt of the Slaves
The Revolt of the Slaves is a 1960 Italian film directed by Nunzio Malasomma. It is based on the novel" Fabiola" by Nicholas Wiseman.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

The Fabulous Senorita
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.

Revolt of the Praetorians
La Rivolta dei Pretoriani ( AKA: Revolt of the Praetorians) is a 1964 sword and sandal film about the conspiracy to assassinate the emperor Domitian in the year AD 96, though the historical facts have been heavily fictionized. This film was written by Gian Paolo Callegari, directed by Alfonso Brescia and starred Richard Harrison.

Revolt of Ghent
Revolt of Ghent may refer to:

My Little Eye
My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times. The idea for the film came from reality television shows such as" Big Brother". The title refers to the guessing game I spy.