Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Piankh
Piankh was a High Priest of Amun during the 21st Dynasty.

Hapuseneb
Hapuseneb was the High Priest of Amun during the reign of Hatshepsut.

Djedptahiufankh
Djedptahiufankh( c. 969 – c. 935 BCE) served as Second Prophet of Amun and Third Prophet of Amun during the reign of Shoshenq I of the 22nd Dynasty.

Gautseshen
Gautseshen( her name means' bouquet of lotuses', The Egyptian word seshen( “ lotus ”) is the origin of the name Susan) was an ancient Egyptian priestess, the singer of Montu. She lived during the 21st dynasty. Her father was Menkheperre, High Priest of Amun; her mother was Princess Isetemkheb, a daughter of Pharaoh Psusennes I. Two of her brothers, Pinedjem II and Smendes II became High Priests of Amun. Gautseshen married Tjanefer, the Fourth, later Third Prophet of Amun. They had two sons, Pinedjem, later Fourth Prophet, and Menkheperre, Third Prophet of Amun. She was buried at Bab el- Gasus, where most of her family members were buried. Her coffins and funerary papyrus are now in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. The papyrus is a beautifully illustrated copy of the" Book of the Dead," which shows the changes in funerary texts during the 21st dynasty, when the solar cult and that of Osiris gradually merged. One of the examples of this can be seen in three spells, which originally mentioned Ra( as it can be seen from 18th dynasty copies of the text), but here they mention Osiris. Another hymn, originally belonging to Osiris, was enriched with solar elements.

Nefertari
Nefertari, also known as Nefertari Meritmut, was an Egyptian queen and the first of the Great Royal Wives (or principal wives) of Ramesses the Great. Nefertari means 'beautiful companion' and Meritmut means 'Beloved of [the goddess] Mut'. She is one of the best known Egyptian queens, next to Cleopatra, Nefertiti, and Hatshepsut. She was highly educated and able to both read and write hieroglyphs, a very rare skill at the time. She used these skills in her diplomatic work, corresponding with other prominent royals of the time. Her lavishly decorated tomb, QV66, is one of the largest and most spectacular in the Valley of the Queens. Ramesses also constructed a temple for her at Abu Simbel next to his colossal monument there.

Amun-her-khepeshef (20th dynasty)
Amun- her- khepeshef( also Amun- her- khepeshef B) was the eldest son and appointed heir of Pharaoh Ramesses III. Like at least another of his brothers, he was named after a son of Ramesses II, Amun- her- khepeshef. He is also mentioned as" Ramesses Amun-her- khepeshef." He is not identical with his brother Ramesses VI, who was also called Amun- her- khepeshef before he became pharaoh. He is depicted in his father's temple at Medinet Habu. His well preserved tomb, QV55( in the Valley of the Queens) was excavated by Italian archaeologists in 1903- 1904.

Amun-her-khepeshef
Amun-her-khepeshef (died ca. 1254 BC; also Amonhirkhopshef, Amun-her-wenemef and Amun-her-khepeshef A to distinguish him from later people of the same name) was the firstborn son of Pharaoh Ramesses II and Queen Nefertari.

Amenhotep (High Priest of Amun)
Amenhotep was the High Priest of Amun towards the end of the Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt, serving under Ramesses IX, Ramesses X and Ramesses XI. He was the son of Ramessesnakht, the previous high priest of Amun. It is not beyond dispute who succeeded him in office. For a long time it was assumed that he was followed by the High Priest Herihor. However, Karl Jansen- Winkeln has suggested that Amenhotep was instead succeeded by the High Priest Piankh. We know the names of several of his brothers and a sister: -his( eldest?) brother, the prophet of Amun Meribast II -his brother, the Chief Steward Usimarenakth II -his sister Aatmeret I -his brother, the Second Prophet of Amun Nesamun I( see below) Unfortunately, there is no hard evidence concerning the identity of his wife( wives?). Recently it has been proposed that he may have been married to Hrere, but at the moment this remains highly speculative.

Mery (High Priest of Amun)
Mery was a High Priest of Amun from the time of Amenhotep II( 18th Dynasty). Mery was the son of the First prophet of Min of Koptos, named Nebpehtire. His mother was Hunayt, a Chief nurse of the Lord of the Two Lands. Mery was married to a lady named Dey. On digitalegypt his titles are listed as: Overseer of the Priests of Upper and Lower Egypt, High Priest of Amun, Overseer of the Fields of Amun, Steward of Amun, Overseer of the Granaries( of Amun), Overseer of the Treasury. See UC37790 and UC37791. A black granite statue of Mery can be found in the Cairo Museum CG 973.