University of Birmingham: The University of Birmingham (informally Birmingham University) is a public research university located in Edgbaston, Birmingham, United Kingdom. It received its royal charter in 1900 as a successor to Queen's College, Birmingham (founded in 1825 as the Birmingham School of Medicine and Surgery) and Mason Science College (established in 1875 by Sir Josiah Mason), making it the first English civic or 'red brick' university to receive its own royal charter. It is a founding member of both the Russell Group of British research universities and the international network of research universities, Universitas 21. The university was ranked 14th in the UK and 79th in the world in the QS World University Rankings for 2019. In 2013, Birmingham was named 'University of the Year 2014' in the "Times Higher Education" awards. The 2017 Global Employability University Ranking places Birmingham at 142nd worldwide and 10th in the UK. Birmingham is also ranked 5th in the UK for Graduate Prospects in The Times and The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2018. The student population includes undergraduate and postgraduate students, which is the largest in the UK (out of). The annual income of the institution for 2017–18 was £673.8 million of which £134.2 million was from research grants and contracts, with an expenditure of £663.2 million.<ref name="Birmingham Financial Statement 17/18"></ref> The university is home to the Barber Institute of Fine Arts, housing works by Van Gogh, Picasso and Monet; the Shakespeare Institute; the Cadbury Research Library, home to the Mingana Collection of Middle Eastern manuscripts; the Lapworth Museum of Geology; and the 100-metre Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower, which is a prominent landmark visible from many parts of the city. Academics and alumni of the university include former British Prime Ministers Neville Chamberlain and Stanley Baldwin, the British composer Sir Edward Elgar and eleven Nobel laureates.

Terry Slater (geographer): Canon Doctor Terry Slater is an honorary senior research fellow in Historical Geography at the University of Birmingham, UK. Born in Bromley but raised in Charlton he was educated at Hull University, University College, London and the University of Birmingham. He joined the University of Birmingham as a lecturer in 1971 and continued until retirement. He devoted a lot of his spare time to the Church of England in Birmingham that led to him being made an honorary Lay Canon of St Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham in 2005.

LeRoy D. Brown: LeRoy D. Brown was the first president of University of Nevada.

Cliff Ollier: Cliff Ollier( born 1931) is a geologist, geomorphologist, soil scientist, emeritus professor and honorary research fellow, at the School of Earth and Geographical Sciences University of Western Australia. He was formerly at Australian National University, University of New England, Australia, Canberra University, University of Papua New Guinea, and University of Melbourne. Throughout his career he was a prolific author( as C.D Ollier), and he has contributed to reference works such as" The Oxford Companion to the Earth".

Maureen Perrie: Maureen Perrie( born 1946) is a British historian, Professor Emeritus of Russian History at the University of Birmingham, and a lecturer in Russian History at the Centre for Russian and East European Studies at the University of Birmingham.

Sky Dayton: Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

Joseph Chamberlain: Joseph Chamberlain (8 July 1836 – 2 July 1914) was a British statesman who was first a radical Liberal, then, after opposing home rule for Ireland, a Liberal Unionist, and eventually served as a leading imperialist in coalition with the Conservatives. He split both major British parties in the course of his career. Chamberlain made his career in Birmingham, first as a manufacturer of screws and then as a notable mayor of the city. He was a radical Liberal Party member and an opponent of the Elementary Education Act 1870 on the basis that it could result in subsidising Church of England schools with local ratepayers' money. As a self-made businessman, he had never attended university and had contempt for the aristocracy. He entered the House of Commons at 39 years of age, relatively late in life compared to politicians from more privileged backgrounds. Rising to power through his influence with the Liberal grassroots organisation, he served as President of the Board of Trade in Gladstone's Second Government (1880–85). At the time, Chamberlain was notable for his attacks on the Conservative leader Lord Salisbury, and in the 1885 general election he proposed the "Unauthorised Programme", which was not enacted, of benefits for newly enfranchised agricultural labourers, including the slogan promising "three acres and a cow". Chamberlain resigned from Gladstone's Third Government in 1886 in opposition to Irish Home Rule. He helped to engineer a Liberal Party split and became a Liberal Unionist, a party which included a bloc of MPs based in and around Birmingham. From the 1895 general election the Liberal Unionists were in coalition with the Conservative Party, under Chamberlain's former opponent Lord Salisbury. In that government Chamberlain promoted the Workmen's Compensation Act 1897. He served as Secretary of State for the Colonies, promoting a variety of schemes to build up the Empire in Asia, Africa, and the West Indies. He had major responsibility for causing the Second Boer War (1899–1902) in South Africa and was the government minister most responsible for the war effort. He became a dominant figure in the Unionist Government's re-election at the "Khaki Election" in 1900. In 1903, he resigned from the Cabinet to campaign for tariff reform (i.e. taxes on imports as opposed to the existing policy of free trade with no tariffs). He obtained the support of most Unionist MPs for this stance, but the Unionists suffered a landslide defeat at the 1906 general election. Shortly after public celebrations of his 70th birthday in Birmingham, he was disabled by a stroke, ending his public career. Despite never becoming Prime Minister, he was one of the most important British politicians of his day, as well as a renowned orator and municipal reformer. Historian David Nicholls notes that his personality was not attractive: he was arrogant and ruthless and much hated. He never succeeded in his grand ambitions. However, he was a highly proficient grassroots organizer of democratic instincts, and played the central role in winning the Second Boer War. He is most famous for setting the agenda of British colonial, foreign, tariff and municipal policies, and for deeply splitting both major political parties.

Joseph E. Johnson (academic): Joseph Edwin Johnson( born July 9, 1933) is an American academic. He served as the president of University of Tennessee system from 1991 to 1999. He is an alumnus of Birmingham – Southern College and the University of Tennessee.

Matt Thompson (priest): Matthew Thompson( born 1968) is a British Anglican priest. Since 2017, he has been the Dean of Birmingham – head of the chapter of canons of Birmingham Cathedral and the most senior priest in the Diocese of Birmingham. He was previously, since 2008, vicar of Bolton Parish Church in the Diocese of Manchester.

David Sylvester (academic): David Sylvester is president of University of St. Michael's College, University of Toronto, Canada.