Scott King (ice hockey, born 1977)
Scott King( born January 21, 1977) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Hannover Scorpions in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga( DEL).

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Scott King
Scott King may refer to:

Scott L. King
Scott L. King was mayor of Gary, Indiana from 1996 to 2006, when he resigned.

Senseneb
Senseneb( also Seniseneb) was the mother of Pharaoh Thutmose I of the early New Kingdom. She only bore the title of King's mother(" Mw.t- nswt") and is therefore thought to have been a commoner. Senseneb is known thanks to stele Cairo CG 34006, from Wadi Halfa, where she is shown swearing an oath of allegiance as the king's mother on the coronation of her son Thutmose I. Senseneb is also depicted on painted reliefs from the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut at Deir el- Bahri.

Henrietta M. Smith
Henrietta M. Smith( born 1922), edited the Coretta Scott King Award Book:" From Vision to Reality"( Chicago: American Library Association, 1994) and The Coretta Scott King Award Book: 1970- 1999 sponsored by the American Library Association. In 2008, she was selected as the recipient of the Association for Library Service to Children's( ALSC) Distinguished Service Award, which honors an individual ALSC member who has made significant contributions to library service to children and ALSC. She is also the recipient of the 2011 Coretta Scott King- Virginia Hamilton Practitioner Award for Lifetime Achievement. Dr. Smith was the first African- American professor at the University of South Florida, School of Information. She also taught at Florida Atlantic University.

Rita Williams-Garcia
Rita Williams- Garcia( born 1957) is an American writer of young- adult novels. She won the 2011 Newbery Honor Award, Coretta Scott King Award, and Scott O' Dell Award for Historical Fiction for her book," One Crazy Summer". She won the PEN/ Norma Klein Award. Her 2013 book," P.S. Be Eleven", was a Junior Literary Guild selection, a" New York Times" Editors Choice Book, and won the Coretta Scott King Award in 2014. In 2016 her book" Gone Crazy in Alabama" won the Coretta Scott King Award. In 2017, her book" Clayton Byrd Has Gone Underground" is a finalist for the National Book Award for young people's literature.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Coretta Scott King
Coretta Scott King (née Scott; April 27, 1927 – January 30, 2006) was an American author, activist, civil rights leader, and the wife of Martin Luther King Jr. An active advocate for African-American equality , she was a leader for the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s. King was also a singer who often incorporated music into her civil rights work. King met her husband while attending graduate school in Boston. They both became increasingly active in the American Civil Rights Movement. King played a prominent role in the years after her husband's assassination in 1968 when she took on the leadership of the struggle for racial equality herself and became active in the Women's Movement. King founded the King Center and sought to make his birthday a national holiday. She finally succeeded when Ronald Reagan signed legislation which established Martin Luther King Jr. Day on November 2, 1983. She later broadened her scope to include both advocacy for LGBT rights and opposition to apartheid. King became friends with many politicians before and after Martin Luther King's death, including John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Robert F. Kennedy. Her telephone conversation with John F. Kennedy during the 1960 presidential election has been credited by historians for mobilizing African-American voters. In August 2005, King suffered a stroke which paralyzed her right side and left her unable to speak; five months later she died of respiratory failure due to complications from ovarian cancer. Her funeral was attended by some 10,000 people, including four of five living US presidents. She was temporarily buried on the grounds of the King Center until being interred next to her husband. She was inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame and was the first African American to lie in the Georgia State Capitol. King has been referred to as "First Lady of the Civil Rights Movement".

Dexter King
Dexter Scott King (born January 30, 1961) is the second son of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King. He is the brother of Martin Luther King III, Bernice King, and Yolanda King.