Movie (disambiguation)
A movie is a type of video (see film). Movie, Movies, The Movie, or The Movies may also refer to:

The Hideout Inn
The Hideout Inn, also known as The Hideout, is a music venue and former factory bar located in an industrial area between the Lincoln Park and Bucktown neighborhoods of Chicago in the Elston Avenue Industrial Corridor. It has been a key Chicago live music venue since it was purchased by friends Tim and Katie Tuten and Mike and Jim Hinchsliff in 1996. When not hosting live music or other events, for some years the Hideout continued to operate as a local neighborhood bar, but as of 2018 is only open in the evenings.

The Muppets Go to the Movies
The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".

The Movies: Stunts & Effects
The Movies: Stunts and Effects is an expansion pack for the PC business simulation game" The Movies". The expansion pack is developed by Lionhead Studios. It was released in June 2006. The Mac version of The Movies: Stunts and Effects was developed by Robosoft Technologies and published by Feral Interactive. It was released during Macworld 2008.

Trieste mia!
Trieste mia!, alternately titled Trieste del mio cuore, is a 1951 Italian war melodrama film directed by Mario Costa.

The Hideout (film)
The Hideout is a 2007 Italian- American mystery film written and directed by Pupi Avati. It marked the comeback of Avati to the thriller genre( a genre he had successfully explored decades before in films such as" The House with Laughing Windows" and" Zeder") after a series of intimate dramas and nostalgic comedies. A more silent but very well made Film from the Giallo Genre by Pupi Avati, that plays perfectly with the dark, gloomy atmosphere of an old, spooky house and its deadly secrets. The protagonist of the film spent 15 years of her life in a mental asylum, recovering from a nervous breakdown, after her husband committed suicide. With the intention to start a new life and to open a restaurant, she moves into an old, historical mansion. But she starts to feel she is not alone in this big, dark, building .. hearing frightening voices in the darkness and seeing things in the house, she starts to doubt her own mental sanity again, until she discovers a gruesome crime that happened 50 years back and its horrible secret.

At the Movies
At the Movies may refer to:

Polly of the Movies
Polly of the Movies is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Jason Robards, Gertrude Short and Corliss Palmer. It is loosely based on Harry Leon Wilson's 1922 novel" Merton of the Movies" and its various film adaptations.

A Night at the Movies
A Night at the Movies can be:

Live: Hope at the Hideout
Live: Hope at the Hideout is the first live album by Mavis Staples. The album was nominated for Best Contemporary Blues Album at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards( held on January 31, 2010). The album was recorded at The Hideout Inn in Staples' hometown of Chicago.