Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks
Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks is a 2001 play by American playwright Richard Alfieri. It is a play with only two characters: Lily Harrison, the formidable widow of a Baptist minister, and Michael Minetti, a gay and acerbic dance instructor hired to give her dancing lessons. It premiered at the Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles (with Uta Hagen and David Hyde Pierce in its two roles) before moving to Broadway. It has gone on to performances in 24 countries and been translated into 14 languages.

List of National Natural Landmarks in South Carolina
There are six National Natural Landmarks in the U.S. state of South Carolina.

Lessons in Love
Lessons in Love may refer to:

Lessons in Good Love
Lessons in Good Love( Spanish: Lecciones de buen amor) is a 1944 Spanish film directed by Rafael Gil.

Lessons in Love (1921 film)
Lessons in Love is a 1921 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Chester Withey.

Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks (film)
Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks is a 2014 Hungarian-American comedy-drama film starring Gena Rowlands and Cheyenne Jackson alongside a supporting cast including Jacki Weaver, Rita Moreno, Julian Sands and Anthony Zerbe. The film was adapted by Richard Alfieri from his play of the same name and directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman. It was the final film of director of photography Vilmos Zsigmond, who died two years after the film's release in 2016.

Horses & Trees
Horses& Trees is the fourth album by drummer Ginger Baker, released in 1986. The album is entirely instrumental and contains six dance- oriented songs.

Lessons in Dissent
Lessons in Dissent is a 2014 documentary film about young political activists in Hong Kong.

Dinah Jefferies
Dinah Mary Jefferies( born 1948) is a British novelist, and a short- story and article writer.

Article 99
Article 99 is a 1992 American comedy- drama film directed by Howard Deutch and written by Ron Cutler. It was produced by Orion Pictures and stars Kiefer Sutherland, Ray Liotta, Forest Whitaker, John C. McGinley, Rutanya Alda and Lea Thompson. The soundtrack was composed by Danny Elfman. The film's title supposedly refers to a legal loophole, which states that unless an illness/ injury is related to military service, a veteran is not eligible for VA hospital benefits.