Forbidden Paradise
Forbidden Paradise is a 1924 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players- Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by German film director Ernst Lubitsch. The film is based on a 1922 Broadway play," The Czarina", by Edward Sheldon who adapted the Hungarian language book of Melchior Lengyel and Lajos Bíró. The play starred Doris Keane, in one of her last stage roles, about Catherine the Great. Basil Rathbone costarred with Keane. The film starred Pola Negri as Catherine the Great and Rod La Rocque in the Rathbone role. The film marked Clark Gable's second film appearance.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Vamping Venus
Vamping Venus is a 1928 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline, written by Howard J. Green and Ralph Spence, and starring Charles Murray, Louise Fazenda, Thelma Todd, Russ Powell, Joe Bonomo and Guinn" Big Boy" Williams. It was released on May 13, 1928, by First National Pictures.

Bommalattam (2008 film)
Bommalattam is a 2008 Indian Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja starring Arjun Sarja and Nana Patekar in the lead roles. Originally filmed in Hindi under the title" Cinema", the film was released first in Tamil. Hindi version retitled" Final Cut of Director" had a limited release in 2016. This marked Nana Patekar's Tamil film debut.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

Single Video Theory
Single Video Theory is a music documentary directed by Mark Pellington that follows the making of "Yield", the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released first on VHS on August 4, 1998, and then on DVD on November 24, 1998.

Empties
Empties is a 2007 film directed by Jan Svěrák and written by his father Zdeněk Svěrák, who also stars in the film. It was released first in the Czech Republic in March 2007. The film is a comedy from the same team which made Kolya.

Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.