Jean-Claude Lutanie
Jean- Claude Lutanie is a French writer.

Jean Edelinck
Jan, or Jean Edelinck( c.1640 – 1680), was a Flemish engraver who worked in Paris.

Jean-Claude Lauzon
Jean- Claude Lauzon( September 29, 1953 – August 10, 1997) was a Canadian filmmaker. Born to a humble family in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, Lauzon worked a variety of odd jobs after dropping out of high school. He went on to study film at the Université du Québec à Montréal at the behest of Andre Petrowski, a member of the National Film Board of Canada. His two feature- length films," Night Zoo( Un zoo la nuit)", and" Léolo", established him as one of the most important Canadian directors of his time. He was preparing his third film when he died, along with his girlfriend, Canadian actress Marie- Soleil Tougas, in a plane crash. On August 10, 1997, the Cessna 180 K he was piloting flew into a mountainside in strong winds and rain near Kuujjuaq, Quebec while returning from a fishing trip. His film" Léolo" was nominated at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival for the Golden Palm Award, and is listed as one of Time's All- TIME 100 Movies.

Charles Wheatstone
Sir Charles Wheatstone FRS HFRSE DCL LLD( 6 February 1802 – 19 October 1875), was an English scientist and inventor of many scientific breakthroughs of the Victorian era, including the English concertina, the stereoscope( a device for displaying three- dimensional images), and the Playfair cipher( an encryption technique). However, Wheatstone is best known for his contributions in the development of the Wheatstone bridge, originally invented by Samuel Hunter Christie, which is used to measure an unknown electrical resistance, and as a major figure in the development of telegraphy.

Silvi Jan
Silvi Jan( or Jean,; born 27 October 1973) is a retired female Israeli football player.

Jean-Claude Casadesus
Jean- Claude Casadesus( born Jean- Claude Probst) is a French conductor.

Jean-Claude Dague
Jean- Claude Dague, born" Jean- Claude Dagouassat" in 1937, is a French film director.

Jean-Claude Bonnefond
Claude Bonnefond, or Jean- Claude Bonnefond( 27 March 1796, Lyon- 27 June 1860, Lyon) was a French painter and lithographer; noted for his portrayals of peasant life. His work was heavily influenced by a visit to Italy.

Lyse Lafontaine
Lyse Lafontaine( born 1942) is a Canadian film producer known for working with directors Jean- Claude Lauzon and Xavier Dolan. She works at Lyla Films in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.

Johannes Crucius
Johannes Crucius, or Jean de la Croix( 1560 – 1625), was a Dutch theologian.