Guillermo Cerda
Guillermo Cerda( born 13 February 1984) is a former football player who played as a defender.

Maria de la Cerda y de Lara
Maria de la Cerda y de Lara( 1319 – 13 March 1375) was the youngest daughter of Fernando de la Cerda and his wife Juana Núñez de Lara. Maria was a member of the Castilian House of Burgundy. By her second marriage she was Countess of Alençon.

Nepomuceno de la Cerda
Nepomuceno de la Cerda( 1752–1826) was a Spanish soldier of note, after whom the town of La Cerda, Texas, was named.

Isabel de la Cerda
Isabel de la Cerda also known as "Isabel de la Cerda Pérez de Guzmán" ( Seville c.1329 - after 1383) was the only surviving daughter of Luis de la Cerda and his first wife Leonor de Guzmán; she was Lady of Puerto de Santa María and titular Princess of Fortuna. She was a member of the House de la Cerda.

Miguel Cerda
Miguel Cerda( born 27 December 1969 in Valdivia) is a Chilean rower.

Charles de La Cerda
Charles de La Cerda, commonly known as Charles of Spain( 1327 – 8 January 1354 in L'Aigle), was a Franco- Castilian nobleman and soldier, the son of Alfonso de la Cerda" of Spain"( died 1327) and Isabelle d' Antoing, and grandson of Alfonso de la Cerda" the disinherited"( 1270 – 1333). He was a distant cousin of John II of France. A boyhood companion and favorite of John while he was Duke of Normandy, Charles commanded the Castilian galleys at the Battle of L'Espagnols- sur- Mer, where he was defeated by Edward III of England after a long and desperate struggle. Soon after John's accession to the throne, he was appointed Constable of France, filling the vacancy left by the execution of Raoul II, Count of Eu, and created Count of Angoulême. Vacant since the death of Joan II of Navarre in 1349, the title to Angoulême was claimed by her son, Charles II, King of Navarre, who bitterly resented La Cerda's preferment. In 1351, Charles de La Cerda married Marguerite, a daughter of Charles, Duke of Brittany. In 1354, Charles of Navarre and several members of his household set upon and slew de la Cerda in an inn. The repercussions of this murder led to a continuous state of instability within France that was only resolved upon the accession of Charles V in 1364.

Julee Cerda
Julee Cerda( born January 29, 1978) is a South Korean born American actress who resides in New York.

Juan Núñez III de Lara
Juan III Núñez de Lara y de la Cerda( born Juan Fdez. de la Cerda y Núñez de Lara: 1313- Burgos, 28 November 1350), Lord of Lara and Vizcaya, son of Ferdinand de la Cerda( 1275 – 1322) and Juana Núñez de Lara" the Little Dove". Despite belonging to the House de la Cerda and aspiring to the Castilian- Leonese throne during the reigns of Sancho IV of Castile, Ferdinand IV of Castile and Alfonso XI of Castile, he carried the family name of his mother which corresponded to the name of his lordship. He was Lord of Biscay by his marriage to Maria Diaz de Haro II, daughter of Don Juan de Haro" the Eye". He was also Lord of Villafranca, Oropesa, Torrelobatón, Lerma, Paredes de Nava, Castroverde and Aguilar. Ensign of the King and Lord Steward of Alfonso XI of Castile. He was a great- grandson of Alfonso X the Wise, King of Castile and León, and Louis IX, King of France.

Ferdinand de la Cerda, Lord of Lara
Fernando de la Cerda( 1275 – 1322) was the younger son of Ferdinand de la Cerda, Infante of Castile and his wife Blanche of France. His elder brother was

Luis de la Cerda
Luis de La Cerda, also called Louis of Spain (France, 1291 - Lamotte-du-Rhône, July 5, 1348) was an expatriate royal prince of the Crown of Castile, who lived and served in the Kingdom of France. Among his titles, Luis de la Cerda was the count of Talmont, count of Clermont and an admiral of France. He was also made the first 'Prince of Fortuna' (sovereign ruler of the Canary Islands) by Pope Clement VI in 1344, although he never actually set foot on the islands.