Bmahray
Bmahray, is a village in the Aley District in Lebanon. It lies 41 km south- East of Beirut at an altitude of 1215 m above sea level.

Kerman Seljuk Sultanate
The Kerman Seljuk Sultanate( also known as Kerman sultanate Persian: سلجوقیان کرمان Saljūqiyān- i Kerman) was a Turko- Persian Sunni Muslim state, established in the parts of Kerman and Makran which had been conquered from the Buyid dynasty by the Seljuk Empire which was established by Seljuk Turks. The Founder of this dynasty, Emadeddin Kara Arslan Ahmad Qavurt who succeeded the ruler of this dynasty after the surrender of the ruler of Buyyids, Abu Kalijar Marzuban. For first time in this period, an independent state was formed in Kerman; eventually, after 150 years, with the invasion of the Ghuz leader's Malik Dinar, the Kerman Seljuk Sultanate fall. The government is the first powerful local government in the Kerman and Makran region, which, in addition to political and security stability, could create economic prosperity in the provinces. It was during this period that the Spice Road burgeoned with the flourishing of the ports of Tiz, Hormuz and Kish, and this state, as the highway of this important economic road, could use tremendous wealth with the conditions it had created. Regarding the scientific and social conditions, at this time, with the efforts of the Shahs such as Mohammad Shah II, the scientific and cultural centers were established in Kerman, and with these actions, Kerman, which was away from the main scientific centers, became the center of science in the southeastern region of Iran's plateau. In addition, Kerman and Makran under ruling of Seljuk, grew in agriculture and Animal husbandry, and Progressed in Commerce and trade which led to improved economic and social conditions.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Dargi, Kerman
Dargi( also Romanized as Dargī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar- e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 4 families.

Language Management
Language management is a discipline that consists of satisfying the needs of people who speak multiple different languages. These may be in the same country, in companies, and in cultural or international institutions where one must use multiple languages.

Road 84 (Iran)
Road 84 is a road in southeastern Iran. It is the most important transit road in that area of Iran. It connects Pakistan to Kerman and Tehran Road 71.

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Rukn al-Din Mubarak Khwaja
Rukn al- Din Mubarak Khwaja — was a Qutlugkhanid ruler of Kerman and the son of Buraq Hajib, founder of the dynasty.

Qutb al-Din Mohammad
Qutb al- Din Mohammad — was Qutlughanid ruler of Kerman and a nephew of Buraq Hajib, founder of dynasty.

1992 Copa Libertadores
The 1992 Copa Libertadores was the 33rd edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows: