Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.

Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.

Mark Mothersbaugh
Mark Allen Mothersbaugh (born May 18, 1950) is an American singer, songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, author and visual artist. Mothersbaugh came to prominence in the late 1970s as co-founder, lead singer, keyboardist of the new wave band Devo, whose "Whip It" was a Top 20 single in the US in 1980 and which has since maintained a cult following. Mothersbaugh is one of the main composers of Devo's music. In addition to his work with Devo, Mothersbaugh has made music for television series, films and video games via his production company, Mutato Muzika. Most notably, he composed the music for the 13-year-run of the animated series "Rugrats" and its three related theatrical films. As a solo musician, he has released four studio albums: "Muzik for InsomniaksMuzik for the GalleryJoyeux Mutato" and "The Most Powerful Healing Muzik in the Entire World". In 2004, he received the Richard Kirk award at the BMI Film and TV Awards for his contributions to film and television music. In 2008, Mothersbaugh received an honorary doctorate of humane letters from Kent State University, his alma mater. His lifelong interest in creating multimedia art pieces has resulted in gallery exhibitions of items such as his "Beautiful Mutants" photograph series, postcard diaries, art rugs, sculptures and musical instruments created from salvaged organ pipes and bird vocalizations. He has married twice and is the father of two adopted children.

Amedeo Escobar
Amedeo Escobar( 1888–1973) was an Italian composer of film scores.

Mama's Boy
Mama's Boy is a 2007 American comedy-drama film starring Diane Keaton and Jon Heder, and features music by Mark Mothersbaugh. The film was distributed by Warner Bros. for a limited release to certain regions of the United States. "Mama's Boy" was directed by Tim Hamilton.