Dedi I, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark
Dedi (or Dedo) (1004 – October 1075) was the Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark (also called Lower Lusatia) from 1046 and a claimant for the title of Margrave of Meissen from 1069. He was the second son of Dietrich II of Wettin and Matilda, daughter of Eckard I of Meissen.

Thietmar, Margrave of Meissen
Thietmar (II) (– 3 August 979) was Margrave of Meissen from about 976 until his death.

Henry II, Margrave of Meissen
Henry II( 1103 – 1123) was the Margrave of Meissen and the Saxon Ostmark( as" Lusizensis marchio": margrave of Lusatia) from his birth until his death. He was the posthumous son of Margrave Henry I and Gertrude of Brunswick, daughter of Egbert I of Meissen. He was by inheritance also Count of Eilenburg. He was the second Meissener margrave of the House of Wettin. He was initially under the regency of his great uncle Thimo. He died young and without children in 1123. His lands were inherited by his half- sister Richenza of Northeim. He left a widow, Adelaide, daughter of Lothair Udo III, Margrave of the Nordmark. The succession to the marches was disputed after his death.

Odo I, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark
Odo( or Hodo) I( also" Huodo" or" Huoto")( c. 930 – 13 March 993) was margrave in the Saxon Eastern March of the Holy Roman Empire from 965 until his death. Odo was, if the onomastics are correct, a son( or maybe a nephew) of Christian( d. 950), a Saxon count in the Nordthüringgau and Schwabengau of Eastphalia. Count Christian, probably a scion of the Billung dynasty, had married Hidda( d. 970), a sister of Gero, margrave of the vast" marca Geronis" in the lands settled by Polabian Slavs. From 945 he also ruled over the adjacent gau of Serimunt beyond the Saale river. In 965, Margrave Gero died and his great" marca Geronis" was divided into five smaller marches. Count Thietmar, a known son of Hidda, and Odo inherited large parts of his march: Odo received the so- called" marca Orientalis" or Eastern March, stretching from the Gau Serimunt in the west up to the remotest outposts on the Bóbr river in the east, while Thietmar appeared as margrave of southern Meissen after 970. Both are buried at Nienburg Abbey, a foundation of Thietmar and his brother Archbishop Gero of Cologne, which too provides evidence of their probable relationship. As a young man, Margrave Odo had shared the tutorship of Otto's son( later Otto II) with the boy's step- uncle William, Archbishop of Mainz. Archbishop William taught literature and culture; Margrave Odo taught war and legal customs. Odo spent the first years of his rule subduing the Slavic tribes settling in the eastern parts of the Saxon Ostmark. He held comital rights in the gau of Nizizi, comprising the lands between the Mulde, Elbe and Black Elster rivers, and appeared with the title" marchio"( margrave) only in 974, though he had held further marcher territories( officially as a county) since 965. In that same year( 974), Odo was made Count in the Saxon Nordthüringgau, still rivalling with Margrave Thietmar. Odo is chiefly known for his quarrels with the Polish duke Mieszko I. The West Slavic Polans had established a state east of the Saxon marches and, aiming to advance into the Pomeranian lands north of the Warta river, had reached an agreement with late Margrave Gero and Emperor Otto I: Mieszko's ducal title was confirmed and the Polans paid a recurring tribute to the emperor, which was collected by Margrave Odo. The medieval chronicler Thietmar of Merseburg, apparently quite gladly, relates that Odo's reputation with Mieszko was such that the duke of Poland" would not have dared while wearing his fur coat to enter a house where he knew the margrave to be, or to remain seated when the margrave stood up." When in 972 the Polans again marched for the Baltic trade centre of Wolin, they entered into open conflict with Odo. The margrave, intending to compel Mieszko to pay tribute for the Pomeranian territory between the Oder and Warta rivers, invaded that region. Aged Emperor Otto, engaged in the marriage of his son Otto II with Princess Theophanu at far- off Rome, ordered them to cease until he himself could arbitrate their dispute. However, Odo attacked Mieszko's forces and was defeated on 24 June at the Battle of Cedynia. The belligerents reconciled at the Imperial Diet in Quedlinburg one year later. In 983, Odo took part in the attempts to suppress the Great Slav Rising of the Polabian Lutici tribes, but was not able to prevent the loss of the Saxon Northern March. He also failed to succeed Thietmar in the Margraviate of Meissen in 979. Odo left a son, Siegfried( d. 1030), who became a monk at Nienburg, but left the monastery on his father's death to claim his inheritance. He did however not prevail against Thietmar's son Gero II, who became Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark in 993. Siegfried again appeared as a count from 1015, when he claimed the Saxon Ostmark from Gero's son Thietmar IV and allied with Duke Mieszko II of Poland in the German- Polish War. Thietmar IV prevailed with the support by Emperor Henry II, but lost the eastern parts of his march to Mieszko II in the 1018 Peace of Bautzen.

Dedi II, Margrave of Lusatia
Dedi( or Dedo) II( died 1069), called the Younger, was the Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark( also called Lower Lusatia) in 1069.

Gero II, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark
Gero II (c. 975 – 1 September 1015 at Krosno Odrzańskie) was the eldest son of Thietmar, Margrave of Meissen, and Schwanehilde (Suanhild), daughter of Herman, Duke of Saxony. He was therefore probably a grandson of Hidda and Christian of Thuringia and named for his great uncle Gero the Great. He succeeded his probable uncle, Hodo, as Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark including Mark Lausitz (Lusatia) in 993 upon the death of margrave of Lusatia Hodo or Odo I, Margrave of the Saxon Ostmark. Gero was created Count of Hassegau in 992, just a year before becoming margrave. He died in his territory in battle with a Polish army of Boleslaw I in Gau Diadesi and was buried in his family's monastery of Nienburg. He was survived by his wife Adelaide (Athelheidhe) and one son, Thietmar, who succeeded him.

Adela of Louvain (d.1083)
Adela of Louvain( d.1083) was margravine of Meissen and later, margravine of the Saxon Ostmark.

Theodoric I, Margrave of Meissen
Theodoric I( 11 March 1162 – 18 January 1221), called the Oppressed(" Dietrich der Bedrängte"), was the Margrave of Meissen from 1198 until his death. He was the second son of Otto II, Margrave of Meissen and Hedwig of Brandenburg.

Albert II, Margrave of Brandenburg
Albert II, Margrave of Brandenburg( – 25 February 1220) was a member of the House of Ascania. He was Margrave of Brandenburg from 1205 until his death in 1220.

Henry II, Margrave of Baden-Hachberg
Henry II, Margrave of Baden- Hachberg( before 1231 –) was the ruling Margrave of Baden- Hachberg from 1231 to 1289.