The Call of Love
The Call of Love is a 1945 Soviet comedy film directed by Konstantin Yudin.

A Prussian Love Story
A Prussian Love Story is a 1938 German historical romance film directed by Paul Martin and starring Karl Günther, Hans Nielsen and Willy Fritsch. The film depicts the love affair between William I and Elisa Radziwill. In the Third Reich the film was banned right after completion because the love affair of Joseph Goebbels and the actress Lída Baarová had become public—it was first shown in 1950.

The Call of the Canyon
The Call of the Canyon is a 1923 American silent Western film directed by Victor Fleming and starring Richard Dix, Lois Wilson, and Marjorie Daw. Based on the novel" The Call of the Canyon" by Zane Grey, the film is about a returning war veteran who is nursed back to health by a compassionate Arizona girl. " The Call of the Canyon" was filmed in Red Rock Crossing in Sedona, Arizona.

The Call of the Wild (2020 film)
The Call of the Wild is an upcoming American adventure film based on the Jack London's 1903 novel" The Call of the Wild" and the remake of Twentieth Century Pictures' 1935 film of the same name. The film is directed by Chris Sanders, written by Michael Green, and stars Harrison Ford, Dan Stevens, Omar Sy, Karen Gillan, Bradley Whitford, and Colin Woodell. It is distributed by 20th Century Fox and will be released on February 21, 2020.

Simple Agi Ondh Love Story
Simple Agi Ondh Love Story( or" Simpalaag Ond Love Story") is a 2013 Indian Kannada romance comedy film written and directed by Suni, and stars Rakshit Shetty and Shwetha Srivatsav in the lead roles. The film was remade in Telugu in 2018 as" Idi Naa Love Story" starring Tarun& Oviya.

Outlaws of the Range
Outlaws of the Range is a 1936 American film directed by Albert Herman. The film is also known as The Call of Justice in the United Kingdom.

Call of the Toad
Call of the Toad is a film released in 2005 that tells the love story between a German man and a Polish woman who become caught up in the advent of modern capitalism in Poland. It is based on the novel" The Call of the Toad" written by Günter Grass.

The Call of the Wild (1972 film)
The Call of the Wild is a 1972 family adventure film directed by Ken Annakin and starring Charlton Heston, Michèle Mercier, Raimund Harmstorf, George Eastman, and Maria Rohm. Based on Jack London's novel" The Call of the Wild", the film follows the adventures of a dog that is brought north to Canada to be used as a sled dog.

The Call of the North (1914 film)
The Call of the North is a 1914 American silent adventure- drama film directed by Oscar Apfel and Cecil B. DeMille. It is based on a novel," The Conjuror's House; a Romance of the Free Forest" by Stewart Edward White and its 1908 play adaptation" The Call of the North" by George Broadhurst. Robert Edeson starred in the play and reprises his role in this film. A copy of the film is in the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection. The film was remade by Paramount in 1921 with Jack Holt in the lead role.

Call of the Wild (1935 film)
Call of the Wild is a 1935 American adventure film based on Jack London's novel of" The Call of the Wild", directed by William A. Wellman, and stars Clark Gable, Loretta Young, and Jack Oakie. The film omits all but one of the book's story lines.