Erich Vermehren: Erich Vermehren, also known as" Erich Vermeeren de Saventhem" or" Eric Maria de Saventhem",( December 23, 1919 – April 28, 2005) was an ardent anti-Nazi, an agent of the Abwehr, the German military intelligence organization, and later a leading Catholic Traditionalist.

Erich Šlomović: Erich Šlomović( also known as Erich Chlomovitch)( 1915–1942) was a Yugoslav art collector. He was an assistant and protégé of Ambroise Vollard.

Erik Charell: Erik Charell( April 8, 1894 – July 15, 1974), born as Erich Karl Löwenberg, was a German theatre and film director, dancer and actor. He is best known as the creator of musical revues and operettas, such as" White Horse InnIm weißen Rössl") and" The Congress Dances Der Kongress tanzt").

Erich Brauer: Erich Brauer( 28 June 1895 Berlin–9 May 1942 Petah Tikvah), was a German illustrator and ethnologist. As an artist he chose to be known as Erich Chiram Brauer. He often signed his art work" Chiram".

Arthur Schütz: Arthur Schütz( also known as Erich Ritter von Winkler)( 25 January 1880, Moscow – 9 February 1960, Vienna) was an Austrian engineer and writer, most notable for creating a special kind of hoax called" Grubenhund".

Eric Pehap: Eric Pehap( 10 April 1912 – 22 November 1981), also known as Erich Konstantin or simply Pehap, was an abstract artist working in Canada.

Alexandros Margaritis: Alexandros( Alex, Alexander) Margaritis;( born 20 September 1984) is a racing driver who is best known for competing in the German- based Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters touring car championship. Prior to that, his career had focused on formula single seater racing in Europe. Margaritis has dual nationality as a result of his place of birth and Greek parentage.

Erich Maas: Erich Maas( born 24 December 1940 in Prüm, Rhine Province) is a German former footballer. He spent eight seasons in the Bundesliga, as well as five seasons in the French Division 1, and was capped three times for the German national team.

Mukasa Mbidde: Fred Mukasa Mbidde( Born 15 October 1974) is a Ugandan lawyer, human-rights activist, mass communication specialist, motivational speaker and politician. He is an elected member of the 3rd East African Legislative Assembly( EALA), representing the Republic of Uganda. He has been in this office since June 2012. He serves on three EALA committees: the Committee on Communication, Trade and Investments; the Committee on Legal, Rules and Privileges; and the Committee on Regional Affairs and Conflict Resolution. He is the chairperson of the Committee on Communication, Trade and Investments. He is a member, a former chief legal advisor, the chairman Masaka district and the current national vice president of the Democratic Party,( DP). He is also a member of the" Pan African Lawyers Union" and the" Coalition for an Effective African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights"( African Court Coalition). He first gained prominence in 2001 when serving as the Guild President for Makerere University. He played a significant role in the" Save Mabira Riots" that took place in Uganda in the year 2007. Also, Mbidde played a noteworthy role in the 1994 liberation war of Rwanda. He is the Patron of the Mbidde Foundation and the reigning attorney general for Kooki chiefdom.

John Wyman: John Wyman is a British actor probably best known for his role as Erich Kriegler in the James Bond film" For Your Eyes Only".