The Moths!
The Moths! were an English indie rock band from London. They made new wave and post-punk pop and had drawn comparisons with the Human League, Wire, the Buzzcocks and early Adam and the Ants.

The Very Best of The Human League
The Very Best of The Human League may refer to:

YMO Versus The Human League
YMO Versus The Human League is an EP released in Japan and Asia in April 1993. It was released by Alfa Records and is a collaboration between Japanese electropop/ synthpop band Yellow Magic Orchestra and British new wave/ synthpop band The Human League. It was the first release by The Human League after their abrupt dismissal from their 14- year- long recording contract with Virgin Records 10 months previously. It features four tracks( taken from" Yellow Magic OrchestraSolid State Survivor" and" Naughty BoysBehind the Mask" was remixed by Mark Gamble( based on Michael Jackson's version) instead of the Human League. " Kimi Ni Mune Kyun" ( Trans:" My Heart Beats, for You( A Holiday Affair)") has new English lyrics written by Philip Oakey and sung by Susan Ann Sulley and Joanne Catherall. The song was later included as a B-side to The Human League's" Tell Me When" in 1994.

The Very Best of The Human League (2003 album)
The Very Best of the Human League is a greatest hits compilation by British band The Human League. It was released in the UK on 15 September 2003 and went into the UK album charts at #24. The album includes the greatest hits released from the band, spanning from their debut album 1979's "Reproduction", to the 2001 album "Secrets". A bonus remix CD is also included. A DVD also called "The Very Best of the Human League" was released to coincide with the album, the DVD contains nineteen music videos.

The Very Best of the Human League
The Very Best of the Human League may refer to:

Reproductions: Songs of The Human League
Reproductions is an album of cover versions of songs by The Human League, recorded by various artists. It was released in 2000 as a tribute to The Human League.

Agents of Good Roots
Agents of Good Roots is an American rock band from Richmond, Virginia. The group formed in 1995 and toured heavily on college campuses in the middle of the decade. They independently released two records before signing to RCA Records, after which they toured with Dave Matthews Band and scored two rock radio hits," Come On" and" Smiling Up the Frown". The band recorded a single music video, entitled" Come On( Let Your Blood Come Alive)" in 1998 which was paired with the release of their RCA album," One by One". It is still available on the iTunes Music store as of 2010 and played briefly on MTV during the summer months of 1998. The band went dormant in 2006, but reunited for several live shows in 2017, with plans to tour and record in 2018. They also launched a new website.

The Very Best of The Human League (1998 album)
The Very Best of the Human League is a greatest hits compilation by British band The Human League. It was released in the US only in July, 1998 by Ark 21 Records independently of The Human League, who were at the time signed to Eastwest Records The album includes the greatest hits released from the band, spanning from their debut album 1979's "Reproduction", to their (then) most recent album "Octopus". The cover reuses the album cover from the 1995 version of "Greatest Hits". In 2003 a compilation album of the Human League's greatest hits with the same name was released by Virgin Records.

The Human League
The Human League are an English electropop/ synth- pop band formed in Sheffield in 1977. Initially an experimental electronic outfit, the group signed to Virgin Records in 1979 and later attained widespread commercial success with their third album" Dare" in 1981. The album contained four hit singles, including the UK/ US number one hit" Do n't You Want Me." The band received the Brit Award for Best British Breakthrough Act in 1982. Further hits followed throughout the 1980s and into the 1990s, including" Mirror Man,( Keep Feeling) Fascination, The Lebanon, Human"( a US No. 1) and" Tell Me When." The only constant band member since 1977 has been lead singer and songwriter Philip Oakey. Keyboard players Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh both left the band in 1980 to form Heaven 17. Under Oakey's leadership, the Human League then evolved into a commercially successful New Pop band with a new line- up including female vocalists Joanne Catherall and Susan Ann Sulley. Since the mid-1990s, the band has essentially been a trio of Oakey, Catherall and Sulley with various sidemen. Since 1978, the Human League have released nine studio albums, two remix albums, one live album, six EPs, 30 singles and several compilation albums. They have had five albums and eight singles in the UK Top 10 and had sold more than 20 million records worldwide by 2010. As an early techno- pop( electropop) act who received extensive MTV airplay they are regarded as one of the leading artists of the 1980s Second British Invasion of the US.

Philip Adrian Wright
Philip Adrian Wright( born 30 June 1956) is an English musician, also known as Adrian Wright. Wright had studied film making at Sheffield Art College and was a friend of Philip Oakey. In 1978, he was invited to join the new avant- garde electronic band The Human League which composed of Oakey, Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh. Then a non-musician, Wright was appointed as' Director of Visuals' whose job was to provide lighting and slideshows to accompany the Human League ’s live concerts. When the Human League split in October 1980, Wright sided with Oakey, while Ware and Marsh left to form Heaven 17. Necessity forced him to become a musician and he quickly learned keyboards. He and Oakey co-wrote some of the new Human League's songs including the number one hit" Do n't You Want Me", plus tracks such as" Darkness I Am the Law" and" The Things That Dreams Are Made Of" for the album" Dare". Wright is also credited with the iconic album sleeve design for" Dare". He remained a key member of the Human League during the early 1980s both as a composer and keyboard player. He left the band in 1986 after becoming disillusioned with the musical direction Oakey was taking and feeling marginalized by their new producers during the recording of the album" Crash" in Minneapolis. After The Human League, he worked in film before moving into design. In 1999, he participated in the BBC documentary on The Human League, part of the" Young Guns Go For It" series.