Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

Ronaldo (film)
Ronaldo is a 2015 British documentary film directed by Anthony Wonke. It follows the life and career of Portuguese professional footballer Cristiano Ronaldo. The film was released worldwide on 9 November 2015. A trailer for the film was released on 28 September 2015.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Afterschool
Afterschool is a 2008 drama film filmed, written, and directed by Antonio Campos. Filmed at the Pomfret School in Pomfret, Connecticut," Afterschool" premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival in the program Un Certain Regard. The film gained an Independent Spirit Award and Gotham Award nomination for Campos and won the Jury Prize for experimental narrative film at the Nashville Film Festival.

Battle in Outer Space
The film was released theatrically in the United States in the summer of 1960 by Columbia Pictures.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

A Race for Life
A Race for Life is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman. Originally, the film was presumed to be lost. However, according to the Library of Congress Database, the film was found in the Netherlands. The film was released with a Vitaphone soundtrack with a synchronised musical score and sound effects.

Adieu Blaireau
Adieu Blaireau(" Farewell Blaireau") is a 1985 film directed by Bob Decout. The picture stars Philippe Léotard, Annie Girardot and Juliette Binoche and premiered at the 1985 Cognac Festival du Film Policier.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".