William Henry (actor)
William Albert Henry( November 10, 1914 – August 10, 1982) was an American actor who worked in both films and television.

Operation Petticoat
Operation Petticoat is a 1959 American World War II submarine comedy film in Eastmancolor from Universal-International, produced by Robert Arthur, directed by Blake Edwards, that stars Cary Grant and Tony Curtis. The film tells in flashback the misadventures of the fictional U.S. Navy submarine, USS "Sea Tiger", during the Battle of the Philippines in the opening days of the United States involvement in World War II. Some elements of the screenplay were taken from actual incidents that happened with some of the Pacific Fleet's submarines during the war. Other members of the cast include several actors who went on to become television stars in the 1960s and 1970s: Gavin MacLeod of "The Love Boat" and "McHale's Navy", Marion Ross of "Happy Days", and Dick Sargent of "Bewitched". Paul King, Joseph Stone, Stanley Shapiro, and Maurice Richlin were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Writing for their work on "Operation Petticoat". The film was the basis for a TV series in 1977 starring John Astin in Grant's role.

Blake Edwards
William Blake Crump( July 26, 1922 – December 15, 2010), better known by his stage name, Blake Edwards, was an American filmmaker. Edwards began his career in the 1940s as an actor, but he soon began writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in television and films. His best- known films include" Breakfast at Tiffany' s Days of Wine and Roses10Victor/ Victoria", and the hugely successful Pink Panther film series with British actor Peter Sellers. Often thought of as primarily a director of comedies, he also directed several drama, musical, and detective films. Late in his career, he transitioned to writing, producing, and directing for theater. In 2004, he received an Honorary Academy Award in recognition of his writing, directing, and producing an extraordinary body of work for the screen.

Tom Harper (director)
Tom Harper( born 7 January 1980) is a British film and television director. He is best known for his work on" Wild RosePeaky Blinders" and the BBC TV mini-series" War& Peace".

Charles K. Gifford
Charles K. Gifford is an American banker and businessman. He is the chairman emeritus of Bank of America having served on its board of directors from 2004 to 2016.

War Book
War Book is a 2014 British political drama film directed by Tom Harper and written by Jack Thorne. The film features an ensemble cast, consisting of Adeel Akhtar, Nicholas Burns, Ben Chaplin, Shaun Evans, Kerry Fox, Phoebe Fox, Sophie Okonedo, Antony Sher, and Nathan Stewart- Jarrett.

Richard Johnson (war artist)
Richard Johnson( born 1966 in Scotland) is a Canadian journalist and war artist.

The Perfect Furlough
The Perfect Furlough is a 1958 American CinemaScope Eastmancolor romantic comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and written by Stanley Shapiro. Edwards and Shapiro would re-team the following year for another Tony Curtis service comedy," Operation Petticoat".

Matt Corboy
Matt Corboy( born June 4, 1973) is an American actor. He has appeared in both films and television series.

Michael Herr
Michael David Herr( April 13, 1940 – June 23, 2016) was an American writer and war correspondent, known as the author of" Dispatches"( 1977), a memoir of his time as a correspondent for" Esquire magazine"( 1967 – 1969) during the Vietnam War. The book was called the best" to have been written about the Vietnam War" by" The New York Times Book Review". Novelist John le Carré called it" the best book I have ever read on men and war in our time."