Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini
Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini (1571 – April 7, 1627) was an Italian Cardinal. He was the uncle of Pope Gregory XIV.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Giuseppe Bonizzoni
Giuseppe Bonizzoni( 22 April 1908 – 21 July 1976) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a defender. He was the uncle of former footballer and manager Luigi Bonizzoni.

John Montgomery Glover
John Montgomery Glover( September 4, 1822 – November 15, 1891) was a North American politician, who served as a U.S. Representative from Missouri, he was the uncle of John Milton Glover.

Christopher H. Clark
Christopher Henderson Clark (1767 – November 21, 1828) was a congressman and lawyer from Virginia. He was the brother of James Clark, the uncle of John Bullock Clark, Sr. and the great-uncle of John Bullock Clark, Jr..

Aubrey Herbert
Colonel The Honourable Aubrey Nigel Henry Molyneux Herbert (3 April 1880 – 26 September 1923), of Pixton Park in Somerset and of Teversal, in Nottinghamshire, was a British soldier, diplomat, traveller, and intelligence officer associated with Albanian independence. He was twice offered the throne of Albania. From 1911 until his death he was a Conservative Member of Parliament. His eldest half-brother was George Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon (1866–1923), the famous Egyptologist who discovered the tomb of Tutankhamun, who predeceased him by five months, by legend due to the "curse of the pharaohs". He suffered during most of his life from poor eyesight and was almost blind by his early 40s.

Hysen Hoxha
Hysen Efendi Hoxha( 1861–1934) was an Albanian politician, mayor of Gjirokastër, and the uncle of Enver Hoxha.

Auberon Herbert (landowner)
Auberon Mark Yvo Henry Molyneux Herbert (1922-1974) was a British landowner and advocate of Eastern European causes after World War II. Herbert was the son of Aubrey Herbert, Member of Parliament (MP), who died the year after his birth, and brother-in-law of the famous novelist, Evelyn Waugh. He was named after his great-uncle, the Voluntarist philosopher, and in a gesture of familial reconciliation, the Waughs named their son after him. Herbert attended Ampleforth College from 1934-1940, as well as Balliol College, Oxford from 1940-42. When World War II broke out he made repeated attempts to serve, being rejected by the British Army, the Free French and the Dutch forces in Britain. He was finally accepted by the Polish forces in Britain. Herbert became an expert in Polish and Ukrainian affairs, and served with the Polish Army during World War II. He fought throughout the Normandy Campaign. While on a personal mission from Winston Churchill in Belgium, Herbert was arrested in 1944 by Canadian military police in a Ghent bar, on suspicion of being a spy. His eccentric appearance, language proficiency and manner aroused suspicion. He was badly beaten and suffered facial scars thereafter. Herbert spoke six languages fluently. He was unsuccessful in his attempts to enter Parliament. Auberon Herbert supported various Eastern European anticommunist groups after the war. This included work to help resettle Polish refugees. He generously opened his country home to anticommunist East European groups and financed a textile mill to employ Polish exiles. His assistance extended to Ukrainian and Belarusian groups. He was a founder and chairman of the Anglo-Belarusian Society and a parishioner of the Belarusian Eastern-rite Catholic Church in Finchley. He authored several reports on the Anglo-Belarusian Society activities between 1965 and 1971. A recently released CIA document names a "Mr. Herbert AUBERON of 11 Neville Terrace, London, SW 7" as one of two representatives of the British Conservative Party who met with World War II Ukrainian nationalist leader Yaroslav Stetsko in early 1951. He opposed Evelyn Waugh's marriage to his sister Laura Herbert, and Waugh never forgave him for this. An unflattering portrayal of a brother-in-law, 'Boy' Mulcaster, featuring some of his characteristics appears in Waugh's novel "Brideshead Revisited". Despite high intelligence and a circle of distinguished friends (including Isaiah Berlin and Malcolm Muggeridge), he seemed unable to accomplish as much in his life as he hoped. Being the only son, he inherited the family country home of Pixton Park, near Dulverton in Somerset, and the "Villa Alta Chiara" (an Italian rendering of "Highclere", the English seat of the Earls of Carnarvon) at Portofino in Italy, built by his grandfather the 4th Earl, which featured in Waugh's "Sword of Honour" trilogy. He died a bachelor at the age of 52. Herbert's estate was probated at (GB)£895,722.

Ivan Novoseltsev
Ivan Petrovich Novoseltsev( born January 23, 1979) is a Russian former professional ice hockey winger. He is the uncle of Vladislav Namestnikov.

Bradley Orr
Bradley James Orr( born 1 November 1982) is an English retired footballer. He is the uncle of Rangers defender Jon Flanagan.