Only When I Dance
Only When I Dance is a 2009 documentary film directed by Beadie Finzi.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Ken Englund
Ken Englund( May 6, 1914 – August 10, 1993) was an American screenwriter. He wrote the films" The Big Broadcast of 1938 Artists and Models Abroad There's That Woman AgainGood Girls Go to ParisSlightly Honorable The Doctor Takes a Wife No, No, NanetteThis Thing Called LoveNothing but the TruthRings on Her Fingers Springtime in the RockiesSweet Rosie O' Grady Here Come the Waves The Unseen The Secret Life of Walter MittyGood SamA Millionaire for ChristyAndrocles and the LionNever Wave at a WACThe Vagabond King" and" The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz". He died on August 10, 1993, in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California at age 79.

Dance or Die
Dance or Die may refer to:

La Perversa
La Perversa(" The Wicked") is a 1954 Mexican film. It was directed by Chano Urueta.

Dreams of the City
Dreams of the City or Ahlam al- Madina(" Dreams of the City") is a Syrian feature drama film by director Mohamed Malas. It is a coming- of- age story of a boy forced to flee his native Quneitra to Damascus in the turbulent 1950s.

The Wicked Lady (disambiguation)
The Wicked Lady can refer to:

The Wicked Lady
The Wicked Lady is a 1945 costume drama film directed by Leslie Arliss and starring Margaret Lockwood in the title role as a nobleman's wife who becomes a highwayman for the excitement. The film had one of the top audiences for a film of its period, 18.4 million. It was one of the Gainsborough melodramas, a sequence of very popular films made during the 1940s. The story was based on the novel" The Life and Death of the Wicked Lady Skelton" by Magdalen King- Hall which, in turn, was based upon the( disputed) events surrounding the life of Lady Katherine Ferrers, the wife of the major landowner in Markyate on the main London – Birmingham road. The film was loosely remade by Michael Winner as" The Wicked Lady" in 1983.

The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz
The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz is a 1968 DeLuxe Color( Deluxe Entertainment Services Group) American comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Elke Sommer, Bob Crane, Werner Klemperer and Leon Askin. The screenplay concerns an East German athlete who defects to the West by pole- vaulting over the Berlin Wall.

Last Dance
Last Dance or The Last Dance may refer to: