Go for Sisters
Go for Sisters is a 2013 crime drama, written and directed by John Sayles. The title refers to the history of friendship between the two main characters: when they were in high school, the two African American women were so close they could" go for sisters". Sayles shot the film in 19 days, using 65 locations, for under a million dollars. The DVD was released in August 2014 and features a Director's Commentary in which Sayles talks at length about the art and craft of guerrilla film making.

Go for Gold (film)
Go for Gold sometimes referred to as" Go for the Gold" is a film about a runner and the dilemma he faces. He has a choice between the benefits of his sport and what means a lot to him. It stars James Ryan, Cameron Mitchell, M'zwandile Ngxangane, Sandy Horne, Tamara Franke, Brian O' Shaughnessy and Patricia Sanders. It was directed by Stuart F. Fleming.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Sporting Life (1918 film)
Sporting Life is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur. It is the first film for sisters Faire Binney and Constance Binney, from the Broadway stage. Tourneur would re-film this story again in 1925.

Jive Junction
Jive Junction is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and written by Irving Wallace, Walter Doniger and Malvin Wald. The film stars Dickie Moore, Tina Thayer, Gerra Young, John Michaels, Jack Wagner and Jan Wiley. The film was released on December 16, 1943, by Producers Releasing Corporation.

Empties
Empties is a 2007 film directed by Jan Svěrák and written by his father Zdeněk Svěrák, who also stars in the film. It was released first in the Czech Republic in March 2007. The film is a comedy from the same team which made Kolya.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Let Go for Love
Let Go for Love( Chinese: 放手愛) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Aman Chang.

Single Video Theory
Single Video Theory is a music documentary directed by Mark Pellington that follows the making of "Yield", the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released first on VHS on August 4, 1998, and then on DVD on November 24, 1998.

Sisters, or the Balance of Happiness
Sisters, or the Balance of Happiness is a 1979 West German drama film written and directed by Margarethe von Trotta.