Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

Royal Society of Chemistry
The Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC) is a learned society (professional association) in the United Kingdom with the goal of "advancing the chemical sciences". It was formed in 1980 from the amalgamation of the Chemical Society, the Royal Institute of Chemistry, the Faraday Society, and the Society for Analytical Chemistry with a new Royal Charter and the dual role of learned society and professional body. At its inception, the Society had a combined membership of 34,000 in the UK and a further 8,000 abroad. The headquarters of the Society are at Burlington House, Piccadilly, London. It also has offices in Thomas Graham House in Cambridge (named after Thomas Graham, the first president of the Chemical Society) where "RSC Publishing" is based. The Society has offices in the United States at the University City Science Center, Philadelphia, in both Beijing and Shanghai, China and Bangalore, India. The organisation carries out research, publishes journals, books and databases, as well as hosting conferences, seminars and workshops. It is the professional body for chemistry in the UK, with the ability to award the status of Chartered Chemist (CChem) and, through the Science Council the awards of Chartered Scientist (CSci), Registered Scientist (RSci) and Registered Science Technician (RScTech) to suitably qualified candidates. The designation FRSC is given to a group of elected Fellows of the society who have made major contributions to chemistry and other interface disciplines such as biological chemistry. The names of Fellows are published each year in "The Times" (London). Honorary Fellowship of the Society ("HonFRSC") is awarded for distinguished service in the field of chemistry.

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.

Education in China (disambiguation)
Education in China is the system of education in the People ’s Republic of China Education in China may also refer to: For historical perspectives, see

TBP
TBP is an abbreviation for: In chemistry:

Pariah Press
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role- playing game.

Education in Chemistry
Education in Chemistry (often referred to by its brand 'EiC') is a print and online magazine covering all areas of chemistry education, mainly concentrating on the teaching of chemistry in secondary schools and universities. It is published by the Royal Society of Chemistry, which also publishes "Chemistry Education Research and Practice", a peer-reviewed academic journal on the same topic.

TCA
TCA may refer to: In economics: In education: In finance: In chemistry: In biochemistry: In associations: Other uses:

Educt
Educt may refer to: In chemistry: In logic: