Arthur McKee
Arthur McKee( 14 August 1863 – 9 March 1943) was a New Zealand newspaper proprietor, photo-engraver and printer, land agent, businessman, orchardist. He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, England on 14 August 1863. He was one of the directors behind the company that published" The Cyclopedia of New Zealand".

Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

A New Leaf (short story)
" A New Leaf" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that published in July 1931 in" The Saturday Evening Post".

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.

Metagaming Concepts
Metagaming Concepts, later known simply as Metagaming, was a company that published board games from 1974 to 1983. It was founded and owned by Howard Thompson, who designed the company's first game," Stellar Conquest". The company also invented Microgames and published Steve Jackson's first designs, including" OgreG.E.V." and" The Fantasy Trip".

Safeguard (magazine)
Safeguard is a New Zealand magazine devoted to occupational health and safety. It features articles and information on managing health and safety in the workplace and is aimed at employers in all industries and at health and safety professionals. The magazine was launched as a quarterly in 1988 by the Occupational Safety and Health Service (OSH) of the Department of Labour. It was subsequently taken over by a commercial company, Colour Workshop. " Safeguard" is now published bi-monthly by Thomson Reuters (Auckland).

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

Pariah Press
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role- playing game.

Thomson Reuters
Thomson Reuters Corporation  is a Canadian multinational media conglomerate. The company was founded in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where it is headquartered at 333 Bay Street (Bay Adelaide Centre). Thomson Reuters was created by the Thomson Corporation's purchase of the British company Reuters Group in April 2008, and is majority owned by The Woodbridge Company, a holding company for the Thomson family. Thomson Reuters was ranked as Canada's "leading corporate brand" in the 2010 Interbrand Best Canadian Brands ranking.

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.