Archibald Campbell, 1st Marquess of Argyll
Archibald Campbell, 1st Marquess of Argyll, 8th Earl of Argyll, chief of Clan Campbell,( March 160727 May 1661) was a Scottish nobleman, politician, and peer. The" de facto" head of Scotland's government during most of the conflict of the 1640s and 50s known as the Wars of the Three Kingdoms, he was a major figure in the Covenanter movement that fought for the maintenance of the Presbyterian religion against the Stuart monarchy's attempts to impose episcopacy. He is often remembered as the principal opponent of the royalist general James Graham, 1st Marquess of Montrose.

John Hamilton, 1st Marquess of Hamilton
John Hamilton, 1st Marquess of Hamilton( – 26 April 1604) was a Scottish nobleman.

José de Grimaldo
José de Grimaldo y Gutiérrez de Solórzano, 1st Marquess of Grimaldo( 1660 – 1733) was a Spanish statesmen.

Randal William MacDonnell, 1st Marquess of Antrim
Randal William MacDonnell, 1st Marquess of Antrim was an Irish peer.

Emilio Drake, 1st Marquess of Cañada Honda
Emilio María Juan Crisostomo Drake y de la Cerda, 1st Marquess of Cañada Honda (27 January 1855 – 2 July 1915), was a Spanish aristocrat and politician, member of the Congress of Deputies as well as senator for the province of Puerto Rico, a Spanish colony at the time. Closely linked to the Liberal Party, Drake became senator in 1891 and deputy in 1898, being an active member of the Senate's and the Congress' committees regarding public works and infrastructure in Puerto Rico and Peninsular Spain. He was awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic and made Maestrante of Seville.

Alexander Robert Stewart
Alexander Robert Stewart( 12 September 1795 – 25 March 1850) was an Irish landowner and Member of Parliament. He was the son of Alexander Stewart of Ards by his wife Lady Mary, daughter of Charles Moore, 1st Marquess of Drogheda. His uncle was Robert Stewart, 1st Marquess of Londonderry and he was first cousin to Robert Stewart, Viscount Castlereagh( Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs during the Napoleonic Wars and principal British diplomat at the Congress of Vienna) and Charles Vane, 3rd Marquess of Londonderry. He was elected to Parliament for Londonderry at the 1818 general election, succeeding his father, and sat until the 1830 general election and" supported< nowiki>[</ nowiki> the Earl of Liverpool's Tory< nowiki >]</ nowiki> government silently". He was appointed High Sheriff of Donegal for 1831. On 28 July 1825 he married Lady Caroline Pratt, daughter of John Jeffreys Pratt, 1st Marquess Camden. Her aunt Lady Frances Pratt was the second wife of the first Marquess of Londonderry and the mother of the third Marquess. Alexander Robert Stewart lived at the family estate of Ards House, Dunfanaghy, County Donegal. His family papers are in the Public Record Office of Northern Ireland.

Sir Francis Samuel Drake, 1st Baronet
Sir Francis Samuel Drake, 1st Baronet( 1729 – 19 October 1789) was an officer of the Royal Navy. He served during the Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence, rising to the rank of Rear- admiral of the Red.

Franjo Marković
Franjo Marković( or Franjo pl. Marković; Križevci, July 26, 1845 – Zagreb, September 15, 1914) was a Croatian philosopher and writer. He was an academician, the first professor of philosophy at the renovated University of Zagreb in 1874. The defender of the identity of philosophy as a metaphysical discipline, as opposed to scholasticism on one side, and positivism and materialism on the other side. His greatest philosophical work is the" Razvoj i sustav obćenite estetike The development and the system of general aesthetics"), which heavily influenced the development of Croatian philosophical thought due to its extensive and all- encompassing overview of the history of aesthetics in Croatian language, and the introduction of new philosophic terms. He is the founder of the research of Croatian philosophic heritage. As a writer, he is noted for his lyric- reflexive poetry, epic compositions and dramas. He is a characteristic Romanticist(" national- romantic spirit"), and in the poetry he is noted as an ardent follower of Adam Mickiewicz.

John Hamilton, 1st Marquess of Abercorn
John James Hamilton, 1st Marquess of Abercorn KG, PC( Ire)( July 1756 – 27 January 1818) was an Irish peer and politician.

Diego Felipez de Guzmán, 1st Marquess of Leganés
Diego Mexía Felípez de Guzmán y Dávila, 1st Marquess of Leganés( 1580 – 1655) was a Spanish politician and army commander.