Mohsen Eslamzadeh
Mohsen Eslamzadeh is an Iranian documentary filmmaker. He is the director of" Alone Among The Taliban". This film has won the best documentary award at the 44th Athens International Film and Video Festival in the United States. This film has won the best documentary award at the 12th Marbella International Film Festival in Spain. This film has won the Shahid Avini Award offers.

Dhammika Siriwardana
Dhammika Siriwardana( 15 September 1954 – 15 December 2015) was a Sri Lankan Film, teledrama producer and a businessman.

Pooja Umashankar
Pooja Gauthami Umashankar, mononymously known as Pooja, is an Indian- Sri Lankan film actress, who has appeared in Tamil films as well as Sinhalese, Malayalam and amateur films. Following a series of successful commercial ventures, Bala's" Naan Kadavul" saw Pooja's performance as a blind beggar praised by the critics, securing major awards, including the South Filmfare, Hiru golden Film awards( Most popular actress) and Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. She simultaneously worked in Sinhalese cinema and was part of several successful films like" Anjalika"( 2006)," Asai Man Piyabanna"( 2007)," Suwanda Denuna Jeewithe"( 2010) and" Kusa Pabha"( 2012), thus establishing herself as one of the leading actresses of Sinhalese cinema.

Thulasi (1987 film)
Thulasi is a 1987 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Ameerjan. The film features Murali and Seetha in lead roles. The film, produced by P. S. V. Hariharan, had musical score by Sampath Selvam and was released on 27 November 1987. The music director died before the release of the film.

Tjitra
Tjitra( literally" Image") is a 1949 Indonesian film directed by Usmar Ismail for the Dutch- owned production house South Pacific. Starring Raden Sukarno, Nila Djuwita, and Raden Ismail, it follows a man named Harsono who takes a woman's virginity then flees to the city, where he is caught up in a murder case. Ismail's directorial debut," Tjitra" was made while its director was still a member of the Indonesian Army. He later disavowed the film, as he felt he had had too little creative input.

Suwanda Denuna Jeewithe
Suwanda Denuna Jeewithe( සුවඳ දැනුණා ජීවිතේ) is a 2010 Sinhala Romantic musical film written and directed and produced by Dhammika Siriwardana. The film stars Roshan Ranawana and Pooja Umashankar in lead roles along with Gayathri Dias, Rex Kodippili, Himali Siriwardena and Pubudu Chathuranga. Shooting of the film was commenced on 6 August 2008 in and around Nuwara Eliya, Badulla, Bandarawela, Welimada and Colombo.

Ravina (actress)
Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies. She acted in" Praner Cheye Priyo" which film is considered as turning point of the career of Riaz.

Le Masque de la Méduse
Le masque de la Méduse is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Jean Rollin. The film is a modern-day telling of the Greek mythological tale of the Gorgon and was inspired by the 1964 classic Hammer Horror film of the same name and the 1981 cult classic" Clash of the Titans". It was Rollin's final film, as the director died in 2010.

Querelle
Querelle is a 1982 West German- French English- language drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brad Davis, adapted from French author Jean Genet's 1947 novel" Querelle of Brest". It marked Fassbinder's final film as a writer/ director; it was posthumously released just months after the director died of a drug overdose in June 1982.

Usmar Ismail
Usmar Ismail( 20 March 1921 – 2 January 1971) was a prominent Indonesian film director. He was of Minangkabau descent. He was widely regarded as the native Indonesian pioneer of the Cinema of Indonesia although films made by the Dutch date back to around 1926.