Quanzhou Normal University
Quanzhou Normal University is a public university located in Quanzhou, Fujian province, People's Republic of China.

Sarajevo Graduate School of Business
Sarajevo Graduate School of Business( SGSB) is a private university located in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is mainly focused on MBA degree. The school is in partnership with Texas A&M University located in Commerce, Texas, United States and the International Burch University located in Sarajevo.

National Kaohsiung Normal University
The National Kaohsiung Normal University( NKNU; Kaohsiung Normal University), founded in 1967, is a public university located in Lingya District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. The university has two campuses — Ho- Ping and Yen- Chao. The University currently has five colleges: College of Education, College of Humanities, College of Science, College of Technology, and College of Arts.

Minnan Normal University
Minnan Normal University, '  previously known as Zhangzhou Normal University  is a public university located in Zhangzhou, Fujian, China.

Henan Normal University
Henan Normal University , colloquially known as 河师大 , is a public normal university located in the northern part of Xinxiang, Henan, China. In 2018, Henan Normal University ranked the 1st in Henan province and top 50 in China. Henan Normal University owns one of the largest education system in China. In addition to the university, it contains attached kindergartners, one primary school and one National Key Middle-high school.

Jiangsu Normal University
Jiangsu Normal University is a national university located in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, China. It's constructed jointly by the Chinese Ministry of Education and the Government of Jiangsu Province.

Chaohu University
Chaohu University( Chinese: 巢湖学院), in Chaohu, Anhui Province of China, is an institution of higher learning under jurisdiction of Anhui Province. The university was founded in 1977 as Chaohu Specialized Normal School. Upon the approval of the Ministry of Education in April 2002, it was elevated and renamed Chaohu University, affiliated to the Education Bureau of Anhui Province. Chaohu University has a land area of 650,000 sq meters, among which the constructed area covers 250,000 sq meters. The university publishes the" Newspaper of Chaohu University". The school is located in the scenic national tourist resort- hefei chaohu half soup hot spring health resort, one of the most famous towns of hot spring water in China. We have a very preferable environment of educating and studying with beautiful lake view and Tangshan Mountain back to the campus, which will provide you with the very pleasing scenery. There are 13 secondary colleges with 53 undergraduate majors, belonging to the 9 disciplines of economics, law, teaching, liberal arts, history, science, engineering, management and art. There are 1 national- level characteristic specialty construction point, 8 provincial- level characteristic specialty construction point, 6 provincial- level comprehensive specialty reform pilot projects, 6 provincial- level demonstration experiment practice training centers, and 4 provincial- level outstanding talent education and training programs. The total number of full- time students is 16,617. Adhere to the open school, with anhui province application- oriented undergraduate universities" xingzhi alliance" as the support, constantly deepen inter- school cooperation, achieve credit mutual recognition and resource sharing. Actively promote international exchanges and cooperation, establish cooperative relations with 15 universities in South Korea, the United States, Ireland and other countries as well as Taiwan, carry out 2+2 cooperative project of visual communication design undergraduate education with hanseo university of South Korea, and 3+1 cooperative project of Hospitality Management undergraduate education with athlone institute of technology( AIT) of Ireland. Based on the cultivation of application- oriented talents, we will continuously strengthen the education of industry- university- research cooperation, and actively expand the depth and breadth of cooperation between schools and enterprises in terms of personnel training, resource co-construction, technology research and development, teacher training, internship and employment. With Huawei, Iflytek, Whirlpool( China), Anhui fuhuang, Wanwei group, Anhui huaxing chemical, Chaohu People's Court and more than 100 enterprises and institutions to maintain a stable relationship of cooperation. At present, there are 1 national- level school- enterprise cooperative practical education base and 5 provincial- level bases. Its current president is Jiagui Zhu.

Central China Normal University
Central China Normal University( CCNU) or Huazhong Normal University, located in Central China Normal University Community, Luonan Subdistrict, Hongshan District in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province, is a comprehensive university directly under the administration of the Chinese Ministry of Education. The campus of over 2,000 Mu( 330 acres) is on Guizi Hill, bordering South Lake. It is one of the schools included in the Project 211, and is also funded by the Project 985. It is a Chinese Ministry of Education Double First Class Discipline University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines. CCNU, along with East China Normal University and Beijing Normal University are the top three normal universities in mainland China. CCNU is ranked 3rd together with Fudan University and just after Peking University and Renmin University of China.

Lingnan Normal University
Lingnan Normal University( LNU; formerly Zhanjiang Normal University( ZNU) is an institution of higher learning in the Chikan District of Zhanjiang City, Guangdong Province, China. The history of the university dates back to the" Leiyang Academy" founded in 1636. In 1904, it started its education training program. In 1978, it became Leizhou Normal College, and was elevated to Zhanjiang Normal University in 1991. Zhanjiang Normal University changed its name to Lingnan Normal University in 2014.

Shanghai Normal University
Shanghai Normal University( SHNU)( Chinese: 上海师范大学) is a public university in Shanghai, China. SHNU is one of the three Key Universities" 上海市重点大学"( along with Shanghai University and University of Shanghai for Science and Technology) in Shanghai, which are strongly supported by Shanghai Municipal Government. SHNU is a comprehensive university with salient features of teacher training and a particular strength in liberal arts. SHNU is participating in the education reform in Shanghai" 上海市教育综合改革" and it is now jointly- supported and built by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China and Shanghai Municipal Government. SHNU is also among Plan 111" 111 计划", National Construction of High- level University Public Graduate Project" 国家建设高水平大学公派研究生项目", and Chinese Institutions Admitting International Students under Chinese Government Scholarship Programs" 中国政府奖学金来华留学生接收院校". SHNU is one of the sixteen members of Shanghai- Hong Kong Universities Alliance" 沪港大学联盟". SHNU was ranked No. 84 on 2019 U.S. News& World Report Best Global Universities( Mainland China) and No. 50 on QS World University Rankings: Asia 2019( Mainland China).