Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

Sheldon Adelson
Sheldon Gary Adelson (pronounced ; born August 4, 1933) is an American business magnate, investor, philanthropist, and political donor. He is the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Las Vegas Sands Corporation, which owns the Marina Bay Sands in Singapore, and is the parent company of Venetian Macao Limited, which operates The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino and the Sands Expo and Convention Center. He owns the Israeli daily newspaper "Israel Hayom" and the American daily newspaper "Las Vegas Review-Journal". Adelson, a philanthropist and donor to a variety of causes, created the Adelson Foundation in 2007 at the behest of his wife, Miriam. He is a member of the Republican Party, and made the largest single donation to any U.S. presidential inauguration when he gave the Trump inaugural committee US$5 million. , Adelson was listed by "Forbes" as having a fortune of US$37.7 billion, making him the 24th-richest person in the world. He is a major contributor to Republican Party candidates. He was the largest donor, of any party, in both the 2012 and 2016 presidential campaigns. He sat out the Republican primary season during the 2016 presidential campaign but on September 23, he announced a $25 million donation to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, making him the largest donor to the Trump campaign and the largest donor in the presidential election (although this was less than the $100 million donation some had predicted).

Miriam Adelson
Miriam Adelson (née Farbstein; formerly Ochshorn; born 10 October 1945) is an Israeli American philanthropist and doctor. She married American business magnate Sheldon Adelson in 1991, and has since become a prominent Republican Party donor. She is the current publisher of the "Israel Hayom" newspaper. Miriam and Sheldon Adelson were presented with the Woodrow Wilson Award for Corporate Citizenship by the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars of the Smithsonian Institution in 2008. In 2013, she received honorary citizenship of Jerusalem.

Mary Horner Lyell
Mary Horner Lyell (9 October 1808 – 24 April 1873) was a conchologist and geologist. She was married to the notable British geologist Charles Lyell and assisted him in his scientific work. She never became widely known in her own right, although it is believed by historians that she likely made major contributions to her husband's work.

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Alan McKenzie
Alan McKenzie is a British comics writer and editor known for his work at" 2000 AD".

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.

J. A. Lawrence
Judith Ann Blish( née Lawrence — born c. March 1940), known professionally as Judith L. Blish, Judy Blish, and J.A. Lawrence, is an American sketch artist and short fiction writer. She is most well known for her work on the series of" Star Trek" episode novelizations, alongside her husband James Blish, published from 1967 to 1978. She has been active in preserving, and promoting her husband's work.

Mordechai Rotenberg
Mordechai Rotenberg( 1932) is an Israeli professor of social work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.