Caroline Kennedy
Caroline Bouvier Kennedy (born November 27, 1957) is an American author, attorney, and diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Japan from 2013 to 2017. She is a prominent member of the Kennedy family and the only surviving child of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy. Kennedy was five days shy of her sixth birthday when her father was assassinated on November 22, 1963. The following year, Caroline, her mother, and brother John F. Kennedy Jr. settled on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, where she attended school. Kennedy graduated from Radcliffe College and worked at Manhattan's Metropolitan Museum of Art, where she met her future husband, exhibit designer Edwin Schlossberg. She went on to receive a J.D. degree from Columbia Law School. Most of Kennedy's professional life has spanned law and politics, as well as education reform and charitable work. She has also acted as a spokesperson for her family's legacy and co-authored two books with Ellen Aldermanon on civil liberties. Early in the primary race for the 2008 presidential election, Kennedy and her uncle Ted endorsed Democratic candidate Barack Obama; she later stumped for him in Florida, Indiana, and Ohio, served as co-chair of his Vice Presidential Search Committee, and addressed the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver. After Obama selected United States Senator Hillary Clinton to serve as Secretary of State, Kennedy expressed interest in being appointed to Clinton's vacant Senate seat from New York, but she later withdrew from consideration, citing "personal reasons. " Congresswoman Kirsten Gillibrand ultimately replaced Clinton as the junior New York Senator. In 2013, President Obama appointed Kennedy as the United States Ambassador to Japan.

Lord Edmund Howard
Lord Edmund Howard( – 19 March 1539) was the third son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk, and his first wife, Elizabeth Tilney. His sister, Elizabeth, was the mother of Henry VIII's second wife, Anne Boleyn, and he was the father of the king's fifth wife, Catherine Howard. His first cousin, Margery Wentworth, was the mother of Henry's third wife, Jane Seymour.

Tatiana Schlossberg
Tatiana Celia Kennedy Schlossberg (born May 5, 1990) is an American journalist and author. She is the daughter of Caroline Kennedy, the former U.S. Ambassador to Japan, and a granddaughter of John F. Kennedy, the 35th U.S. president. A reporter for "The New York Times" covering climate change, she has also written for "The Atlantic". Her book is "Inconspicuous Consumption" (2019).

Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi
Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi is the third wife of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the founder and inaugural president of United Arab Emirates, and late emir( ruler) of Abu Dhabi. She is referred to as the mother of sheikhs and as the Mother of the UAE.

Trinidad Tecson
Trinidad Perez Tecson (November 18, 1848 – January 28, 1928), known as the "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" and "Mother of Mercy", fought to gain Philippines independence. She was given the title "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" by Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo. She was also cited as the "Mother of the Philippine National Red Cross" for her service to her fellow Katipuneros.

Julian Schlossberg
Julian Schlossberg( born January 26, 1942) is an American motion pictures, theatre and television producer. He has been a college lecturer and television host regarding films, as well.

Kekuʻiapoiwa II
Kekuʻiapoiwa II was a Hawaiian chiefess and the mother of the king Kamehameha I.

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

Michael Schlossberg
Michael H. Schlossberg( born May 5, 1983) is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 132nd district since 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Hayden Schlossberg
Hayden Schlossberg( born June 9, 1978) is an American screenwriter, director, and producer best known for his work on" Cobra Kai"( with Jon Hurwitz and Josh Heald) and the" Harold& Kumar" films( with Hurwitz).