Dauphin River (Saint Lucia)
The Dauphin River( Saint Lucia) is a river of Saint Lucia.

Little Southwest Branch Saint John River
The Little Southwest Branch Saint John River is a tributary of Southwest Branch Saint John River, flowing on in Somerset County, in North Maine Woods, in Maine, in United States. From its source  in Maine Township 6, Range 19, WELS, it flows northward in a deep valley in forest area, a few miles east of the Canada–United States border to its mouth on South bank of the Southwest Branch Saint John River in T 9, R 18.

Baker Branch Saint John River
The Baker Branch Saint John River is a river. This river is a tributary of the Saint John River (Bay of Fundy), flowing in the Maine North Woods, in Maine, in the Northeastern United States.

Aroostook River
The Aroostook River is a tributary of the Saint John River in the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick. Its basin is the largest sub-drainage of the Saint John River.

Iroquois River (Saint John River tributary)
The Iroquois River is a tributary of the Saint John River (Bay of Fundy) emptying in New Brunswick, in Canada. This river flows into the Notre Dame Mountains, in the municipality of Dégelis, Quebec, in Temiscouata Regional County Municipality (RCM), in administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in Quebec; and in the Madawaska County, in New Brunswick, in Canada. The Iroquois River flows south especially in forest areas, more or less in parallel, between the Little Iroquois River (East side) and the Madawaska River (Saint John River). The Iroquois River flows on the north shore of Saint John River (Bay of Fundy). The latter flows southeast through all the New Brunswick province and pours on the north bank of the Bay of Fundy which is opened to the southwest on the Atlantic Ocean.

Jeremy River (Saint Lucia)
The Jeremy River( Saint Lucia) is a river of Saint Lucia.

Capousacataca River
The Capousacataca River is a tributary of the Mégiscane River, flowing into the north-eastern part of Senneterre in La Vallée-de-l'Or Regional County Municipality (RCM), in the administrative region of Abitibi-Témiscamingue, in Quebec, Canada. The course of the river successively crosses the townships of Charrette and Girouard. The Capousacataca River runs entirely on forest land north-east of the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve and on the west side of Gouin Reservoir. Forestry is the main economic activity of this hydrographic slope; recreational tourism activities, second. The surface of the river is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of April. The hydrographic slope of the Capousacataca River is served by the R0808 forest road that goes up this valley (first on the west side, then on the east side) to the south east of Charrette Lake, where the road is oriented towards the North -East.

Southwest Branch Saint John River
The Southwest Branch Saint John River is a river in Maine and Quebec. The branch originates in" Little Saint John Lake" on the international boundary between Saint- Zacharie, Quebec and Seboomook Lake Township 5, Range 20, WELS. The branch forms the Canada – United States border as it flows northeasterly to a confluence with the Little Southwest Branch Saint John River in Seboomook Lake Township 9, Range 18, WELS. The Southwest Branch flows briefly into Quebec and then through Maine to its confluence with the Baker Branch Saint John River in Seboomook Lake Township 9, Range 17, WELS. The Southwest Branch finally joins with the Northwest Branch to form the Saint John River.

Gobeil River
The Gobeil River is a tributary of the Big Black River (Saint John River), flowing through:
The upper part of the sub-catchment of the "River Gobeil" is accessible by route 216; other parties in the Quebec by the road of Rang Saint-Camille, the Rosario route, the road of the rank of Moreau and road of Double rank.

Little Iroquois River
The Little Iroquois River is a tributary of the Iroquois River( Saint John River), flowing in Notre Dame Mountains, the Madawaska County, in Northwest of New Brunswick, in Canada. " Little Iroquois River" is flowing to the south in forest area, along the border between Quebec and New Brunswick. This course is more or less in parallel on the east side of the Iroquois River( Saint John River) and the west side of the Green River( Saint John River). The" Little Iroquois River" flows into the Iroquois River( Saint John River) which generally flows south and empties on the north shore of Saint John River( Bay of Fundy). It flows southeast and flows on the north bank of the Bay of Fundy which opens to the southwest on the Atlantic Ocean.