Vishal Mishra (director)
Vishal Mishra is a Hindi film writer and director, known for his films like Coffee with D, Marudhar Express, Hotel Milan and Ae Kaash Ke Hum.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Maana Ke Hum Yaar Nahin
"Maana Ke Hum Yaar Nahin"  is a 2017 Hindi language song from the Indian film "Meri Pyaari Bindu". Composed by Sachin-Jigar and written by Kausar Munir, the song is performed by the leading actress of the film Parineeti Chopra in her debut playback singing. The film version, a duet, is performed by Parineeti Chopra and Sonu Nigam. The song was released on 28 March 2017 by Yash Raj Music. The song received critical acclaim for its composition, writing and Chopra's vocal performance. " Maana Ke Hum Yaar Nahin" garnered four nominations at the 10th Mirchi Music Awards including Song of The Year and Upcoming Female Vocalist of The Year for Parineeti Chopra. Kausar Munir received a nomination for the Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist while Chopra received a nomination for the Screen Award for Best Playback Singer Female.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Priya Singh
Priya Singh is an Indian actress and model. She was born and brought up in Nagpur, India. She has appeared in several films, including Rangu( film) and the upcoming Ae Kaash Ke Hum.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Parineeti Chopra
Parineeti Chopra (born 22 October 1988) is an Indian actress and singer who appears in Hindi films. Chopra is a recipient of several accolades, including a Filmfare and National Film Award. Chopra initially aspired to pursue a career in investment banking, but after obtaining a triple honours degree in business, finance and economics from Manchester Business School she returned to India during the 2009 economic recession and joined Yash Raj Films as a public relations consultant. She made her acting debut with the company's 2011 romantic comedy "Ladies vs Ricky Bahl", winning the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debut. She followed it by gaining praise for her starring roles in the box office hits— "Ishaqzaade" (2012), "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Hasee Toh Phasee" (2014). The first of these won her the National Film Award – Special Mention while the first two of these earned her two nominations for the Filmfare Award for Best Actress. After a three-year hiatus from full-time acting, she starred in several commercially unsuccessful films, with the exception of the comedy "Golmaal Again" (2017) and the war drama "Kesari" (2019), in which she had brief roles. In addition to her acting career, she is a humanitarian and is a prominent celebrity endorser for brands and products.