Baglan Mailybayev
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).

Rumbold of Mechelen
Saint Rumbold( or" RumoldRomuold") was an Irish or Scottish Christian missionary, although his true nationality is not known for certain. He was martyred near Mechelen by two men, whom he had denounced for their evil ways. Saint Rumbold's feast day is celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church, and Western Rite Orthodox Churches, on 24 June; and it is celebrated in Ireland on 3 July. He is the patron saint of Mechelen, where St. Rumbold's Cathedral possesses an elaborate golden shrine on its high altar, containing relics attributed to the saint. It is rumoured that his remains are buried inside the cathedral. Twenty- five paintings in the choir illustrate his life.

Sancho Ordóñez (count)
Sancho Ordóñez( before 1042 –" c". 1080), was a count who lived in the 11th- century. His father was Ordoño Bermúdez, an illegitimate son of King Bermudo II of León, and his mother was Fronilde Peláez, also a member of the high nobility as the daughter of Count Pelayo Rodríguez and his wife Gotina Fernández de Cea, daughter of Count Fernando Bermúdez de Cea and sister of Jimena, the mother of King Sancho Garcés III the Great, and of Justa Fernández, married to Count Flaín Muñoz.

Roberto Savio
Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance. He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini. Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome. He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Khalid al-Habib
Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan. In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack. al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.

Nayelly Hernández
Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player. She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships. Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour. Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player. She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.

Bermudo II of León
Bermudo (or Vermudo) II (c. 953 – September 999), called the Gouty , was first a rival king in Galicia (982–984) and then king of the entire Kingdom of León (984–999). His reign is summed up by Justo Pérez de Urbel's description of him as "the poor king tormented in life by the sword of Almanzor and in death by the vengeful pen of a bishop," Pelagius of Oviedo (died 1153), half of whose "Chronicon" covers the reign of Bermudo and is highly critical of the king. He accuses Bermudo of imprisoning Bishop Gudesteus of Oviedo in the 990s and blames the attacks of Almanzor on Bermudo's sins.

Ordoño Bermúdez
Ordoño Bermúdez or Ordoño Vermúdez ("fl. " 1001–1042) was one of the sons that King Bermudo II of León had out of wedlock. Although the name of his mother is not known, she was probably a member of the nobility of Galicia as suggested in a document from the Monastery of Samos, where his descendants and those of the Vela-Ovéquiz family shared a common inheritance based on a "linea consaguinitatis" (bloodline).

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).