Bahadur Shah Zafar: Bahadur Shah Zafar or Bahadur Shah II  (born as Mirza Abu Zafar Siraj-ud-din Muhammad) (24 October 1775 – 7 November 1862) was the last Mughal emperor. He was the second son of and became the successor to his father, Akbar II, upon his death on 28 September 1837. He was a nominal Emperor, as the Mughal Empire existed in name only and his authority was limited only to the walled city of Old Delhi (Shahjahanbad). Following his involvement in the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the British exiled him to Rangoon in British-controlled Burma (now in Myanmar), after convicting him on several charges. Zafar's father, Akbar II had been imprisoned by the British and he was not his father's preferred choice as his successor. One of Akbar Shah's queens, Mumtaz Begum, pressured him to declare her son, Mirza Jahangir, as his successor. However, The East India Company exiled Jahangir after he attacked their resident, in the Red Fort, paving the way for Zafar to assume the throne.

Motherland (disambiguation): Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

Mirza Mehdy Ispahani: Mirza Mehdy Ispahani( also known as Sadri Ispahani)( 1923–2004), son of Mirza Ahmad Ispahani, was Chairman of M.M. Ispahani from 1949 till 2004. Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, son of Mirza Mehdy Ispahani was elected as the Chairman of M.M. Ispahani in 2004.

Where Was I: " Where Was I?" may refer to:

Malik Muhammad Khan: Malik Muhammad khan — was second khan of Baku and a son of Mirza Muhammad Khan.

Mirza Farkhunda Shah: Shahzada Mirza Sultan Muhammad Farkhunda Shah (?–June 1842
) also known Mirza Bulaqi Sahib was a son of Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah II.

Mirza Faiz Muhammad: Mirza Faiz Muhammad, also known by his title of Azādud Daulah, was an Indian nobleman and official in the Mughal empire during the 18th century. He was a descendant of Mirza Hadi Baig and the great- great grandfather of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad of Qadian.

Place of birth: The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

Irshad Mirza: Irshad mirza is an Indian industrialist and the executive chairman of mirza

Mirza Gul Muhammad: Mirza Gul Muhammad( d. 1800) was an Indian military official in the Mughal Empire and the independent chief of Qadian. He was the grandfather of Mirza Ghulam Murtaza who was the father of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad.