Le Masque de la Méduse
Le masque de la Méduse is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Jean Rollin. The film is a modern-day telling of the Greek mythological tale of the Gorgon and was inspired by the 1964 classic Hammer Horror film of the same name and the 1981 cult classic" Clash of the Titans". It was Rollin's final film, as the director died in 2010.

David Eady (film director)
David Eady( April 22, 1924- April 5, 2009) was a British film director and producer. He was born in London.

Condemned Women
Condemned Women is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Lionel Houser. The film stars Sally Eilers, Louis Hayward, Anne Shirley, Esther Dale and Lee Patrick. The film was released on March 18, 1938.

Querelle
Querelle is a 1982 West German- French English- language drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brad Davis, adapted from French author Jean Genet's 1947 novel" Querelle of Brest". It marked Fassbinder's final film as a writer/ director; it was posthumously released just months after the director died of a drug overdose in June 1982.

Faces in the Dark
Faces in the Dark is a 1960 British thriller film directed by David Eady and starring John Gregson, Mai Zetterling and John Ireland. The film is based on the 1952 novel" Les Visages de l'ombre" by Boileau- Narcejac. It was shot at Shepperton Studios with sets designed by the art director Anthony Masters.

Ravina (actress)
Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies. She acted in" Praner Cheye Priyo" which film is considered as turning point of the career of Riaz.

Marcela (wrestler)
María Elena Santamaría Gómez( born May 31, 1971) is a Mexican professional wrestler, known mainly for her work in the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre( CMLL), where she works under the ring name Marcela. As Marcela, she is one of the top" tecnicas"( good guy characters, or faces) in CMLL and is a five- time and current CMLL World Women's Champion and one- time Mexican National Women's Champion.

Lew Landers
Lew Landers( born Louis Friedlander, January 2, 1901 – December 16, 1962) was an American independent film and television director.

Thulasi (1987 film)
Thulasi is a 1987 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Ameerjan. The film features Murali and Seetha in lead roles. The film, produced by P. S. V. Hariharan, had musical score by Sampath Selvam and was released on 27 November 1987. The music director died before the release of the film.

Mohsen Eslamzadeh
Mohsen Eslamzadeh is an Iranian documentary filmmaker. He is the director of" Alone Among The Taliban". This film has won the best documentary award at the 44th Athens International Film and Video Festival in the United States. This film has won the best documentary award at the 12th Marbella International Film Festival in Spain. This film has won the Shahid Avini Award offers.