Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Leo Laporte
Leo Gordon Laporte (born November 29, 1956) is the host of The Tech Guy weekly radio show and a host on TWiT.tv, an Internet podcast network focusing on technology. He is also a former TV technology host (1998–2008) and technology author (1995, 2002–2006).

Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Call for Help
Call for Help, also known as CFH, is a computer-themed television program that first aired exclusively on TechTV (formerly "ZDTV"), a cable and satellite television network focused on technology, and then aired on G4techTV Canada and the HOW TO Channel in Australia. The final taped episode aired on February 26, 2007, but because the episodes were taped out of order, a number of other episodes taped during the same shooting week aired through April 6, 2007. A spin-off called "The Lab with Leo Laporte" aired much of the same content as "Call for Help" and ran on the same networks. " The Lab" was canceled about one year later due to low viewer ratings and the final episode aired in August 2008.

Dylan Avery
Dylan Avery( born November 1, 1983) is an American filmmaker and the creator of the" Loose Change" films.

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Chris Pirillo
Christopher Joseph Pirillo( born July 26, 1973) is the founder and CEO of LockerGnome, Inc., a network of blogs, web forums, mailing lists, and online communities. He spent two years hosting the TechTV television program" Call for Help", where he also hosted the first annual Call- for- Help- a- Thon. He now hosts videos on several Internet sites, including CNN, YouTube, Ustream, CBC.ca and his own website.