Wish I Were a Shark
Wish I Were a Shark(" Da mi je biti morski pas") is a 1999 Croatian film directed by Ognjen Sviličić, starring Vedran Mlikota and Josip Zovko.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Kumkum the Dancer
Kumkum the Dancer is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by Modhu Bose. It was released in both Bengali and Hindi.

The Dancer
The Dancer may refer to:

The Dancer Barberina
The Dancer Barberina( German: Die Tänzerin Barberina) is a 1920 German silent historical drama film directed by Carl Boese and starring Lyda Salmonova, Otto Gebühr and Harry Liedtke. Part of the group of Prussian films of the Weimar and Nazi eras, it portrays the relationship between Frederick the Great and the dancer Barberina Campanini in eighteenth century Prussia. Gebühr starred as Frederick in another film on the subject" The Dancer of Sanssouci"( 1932). The film's sets were designed by the art director Ernst Stern.

The Dancer of Paris
The Dancer of Paris is a lost 1926 silent film feature produced and distributed by First National Pictures. It was directed by Alfred Santell and starred Dorothy Mackaill. A vintage movie trailer displaying short clips of the film still exists.

The Dancer Barberina
The Dancer Barberina( German: Die Tänzerin Barberina) is a 1920 German silent historical drama film directed by Carl Boese and starring Lyda Salmonova, Otto Gebühr and Harry Liedtke. Part of the group of Prussian films of the Weimar and Nazi eras, it portrays the relationship between Frederick the Great and the dancer Barberina Campanini in eighteenth century Prussia. Gebühr starred as Frederick in another film on the subject" The Dancer of Sanssouci"( 1932). The film's sets were designed by the art director Ernst Stern.

The Dancer of Sanssouci
The Dancer of Sanssouci is a 1932 German historical drama film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Otto Gebühr, Lil Dagover and Rosa Valetti. Set at the court of Frederick the Great the film is part of a group of Prussian films made during the era. It portrays the interaction between Frederick and the celebrated dancer Barberina Campanini. Gebühr had previously appeared as Frederick in a silent film" The Dancer Barberina" about their relationship. The film's sets were designed by the art director Leopold Blonder. It was shot at the Staaken Studios in Berlin. It premiered in the city at the Ufa-Palast am Zoo.

The Dancer Upstairs (film)
The Dancer Upstairs is a 2002 Spanish- American crime thriller film produced and directed by John Malkovich( in his directorial debut), and starring Javier Bardem, Juan Diego Botto and Laura Morante. The film is an adaptation of the book" The Dancer Upstairs" by Nicholas Shakespeare, who also wrote the screenplay.

The Dancer of Jaipur
The Dancer of Jaipur is a 1920 German silent film directed by Georg Bluen and starring Fern Andra, Ernst Rückert and Paul Rehkopf.