Fiona McIntosh
Fiona McIntosh( born 1960) is an author of adult and children's books who lives in Australia. She was born in Brighton, England and between the ages of three and eight, travelled a lot to Africa due to her father's work. At the age of nineteen, she travelled first to Paris and later to Australia, where she has lived ever since. In 2007, she released a crime novel," Bye Bye Baby", under the pseudonym of Lauren Crow, however the pen name has since been dropped for the republished edition of" Bye Bye Baby" and for the sequel," Beautiful Death".

Bernard Tschumi
Bernard Tschumi (born 25 January 1944 in Lausanne, Switzerland) is an architect, writer, and educator, commonly associated with deconstructivism. Son of the well-known Swiss architect Jean Tschumi and a French mother, Tschumi is a dual French-Swiss national who works and lives in New York City and Paris. He studied in Paris and at ETH in Zurich, where he received his degree in architecture in 1969.

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.

Jean Tschumi
Jean André Tschumi (born February 14, 1904 Plainpalais, now a neighborhood of Geneva, Switzerland, died January 25, 1962) was a Swiss architect and professor at the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne. A member of the Modern Movement, Jean Tschumi is known for his buildings for Sandoz (laboratory, factory), Nestlé (pavilions at various international fairs, headquarters), la Mutuelle Vaudoise (headquarters), as well as for some of his projects (underground Paris souterrain, observation tower, etc.).

Emanuel Glicen Romano
Emanuel Glicen Romano or Emanuel Glicenstein( 1897 – 1984) was a painter born in Italy. He emigrated to America and spent some time in Safed in Israel. where he organised a museum for his father's work.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

Andrey Vilkitsky
Andrey Ippolitovich Vilkitsky  was a Russian hydrographer and surveyor. He was born in the Minsk Governorate. His son, Boris Vilkitsky followed up his father's work; the Vilkitsky Islands are named after him.

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Hernando de Cabezón
Hernando de Cabezón, (baptized 7 September 1541 – 1 October 1602) was a Spanish composer and organist, son of Antonio de Cabezón. Only a few of his works are extant today, and he is chiefly remembered for publishing the bulk of his father's work.

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.