Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Don't You Believe It
" Do n't You Believe It" is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Bob Hillard and performed by Andy Williams. The song reached# 15 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart and# 39 on the" Billboard" chart in 1962. The song was the A- side to the song" Summertime".

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Jim Bob
James Robert Morrison, known as Jim Bob, is a British musician and author. He was the singer of indie punk band Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.

Can't Believe It (Flo Rida song)
" Ca n't Believe It" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida. The song features a rap verse from Cuban- American rapper Pitbull. The song samples" Infinity" by London- based duo Infinity Ink. The music video for" Ca n't Believe It" was directed by Geremey and Georgie Legs.

Believe It (Meek Mill song)
Believe It is a song by American rapper Meek Mill with a guest appearance from fellow rapper Rick Ross. It was released on February 19, 2013 as the fourth and final single from his debut studio album "Dreams and Nightmares" (2012). The song failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 but managed to peak at number 38 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Meek Mill
Robert Rihmeek Williams (born May 6, 1987), known professionally as Meek Mill, is an American rapper, songwriter, and activist. Born and raised in Philadelphia, he embarked on his music career as a battle rapper, and later formed a short-lived rap group, The Bloodhoundz. In 2008, Atlanta-based rapper T.I. signed Meek Mill to his first record deal. In February 2011, after leaving Grand Hustle Records, Mill signed with Miami-based rapper Rick Ross's Maybach Music Group (MMG). Mill's debut album, "Dreams and Nightmares", was released in 2012 under MMG and Warner Bros. Records. The album, preceded by the lead single "Amen" (featuring Drake), debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. In October 2012, Mill announced the launch of his own label imprint, Dream Chasers Records, named after his mixtape series. Meek Mill often collaborates with fellow MMG label-mates; he is also known for his appearances on MMG's "Self Made" compilation series, with his first two singles, "Tupac Back" and "Ima Boss", being included on volume one. He released his second album, "Dreams Worth More Than Money", in 2015 and his third album, "Wins & Losses", in 2016. His fourth studio album, "Championships", was released in November 2018 and debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200. Its lead single, "Going Bad" (featuring Drake), peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In November 2017, he was sentenced to two to four years in prison for violating parole and served five months at the State Correctional Institution – Chester in Chester, Pennsylvania, before being released while his trial continues. In August 2019, a documentary series about his battle with the criminal justice system, "Free Meek", was released on Amazon's Prime Video. Mill served as executive producer on the series.