Tony Ianzelo
Tony Ianzelo, CM, RCA (born June 13, 1935) is a Canadian documentary director and cinematographer. He was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and attended Toronto’s Ryerson Polytechnical School (now Ryerson University). His career at the National Film Board of Canada was characterized by an empathic portrayal of his subjects, and he gained a reputation for compassion and honesty through sensitive films and unobtrusive cinematography. He joined the NFB in 1960 as a camera assistant and, in 1966, made his first film, "Antonio". This short piece, which uses his own father as a subject to explore the themes of family, immigration and alienation, was shown in schools and institutions for three decades after its release. A prolific and innovative artist, he retired in the late 1990s with over one hundred film credits. Best known for his quiet empathy and unobtrusive camera-work, he worked with the NFB program "Challenge for Change", where he used his skills on such films as "Cree Hunters of Mistassini" with Boyce Richardson, and other projects in Canada's Far North. One of the first cinematographers nominated to the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts, he received numerous awards and commendations, including two Academy Award nominations (both for Best Documentary Short, for "Blackwood" in 1976 and "High Grass Circus" in 1977), as well as the Order of Canada in 2003 for his lifetime contribution to world documentary cinema. In 1986, with Colin Low, he co-directed "Transitions", the first 3D IMAX film, which was shown at the Expo 86 in Vancouver. He is currently retired and living in Montreal.

Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to?
Now Where Did the 7th Company Get To? is a 1973 French- Italian comedy war film directed by Robert Lamoureux. The film portrays the adventures of a French Army squad lost somewhere on the front in May 1940 during the Battle of France.

Linda Scott
Linda Scott( born Linda Joy Sampson; June 1, 1945) is an American pop singer and actress who was active from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. Her biggest hit was the 1961 million- selling single," I've Told Every Little Star". She went on to place twelve songs on the charts over the next four years, the last being" Who ’s Been Sleeping In My Bed," inspired by the film and written by Hal David and Burt Bacharach. In 1962, she portrayed a fictionalized version of herself in the musical film" Do n't Knock the Twist".

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Don't Knock the Twist
Do n't Knock the Twist is a 1962 film starring Lang Jeffries, directed by Oscar Rudolph and produced by Sam Katzman for release by Columbia Pictures. It is a sequel to the 1961 film" Twist Around the Clock", featuring musical artists including Chubby Checker.

The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Don't Knock Twice (film)
Do n't Knock Twice is a 2016 British supernatural horror film directed by Caradog W. James.

Twist Around the Clock
Twist Around the Clock is an American musical film released in 1961. It was a remake of Sam Katzman and Robert E. Kent's" Rock Around the Clock." Like" Rock Around the Clock," which was followed by a sequel titled," Do n't Knock the Rock," the film was followed by a sequel titled," Do n't Knock the Twist."

Don't Knock the Ox
Don't Knock the Ox is a Canadian short documentary film, directed by Tony Ianzelo and released in 1970. The film depicts the International Ox Pull competition in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia. The film won the Canadian Film Award for Best Theatrical Short Film at the 23rd Canadian Film Awards in 1971.