Ernest Friedrich Gilg
Ernest( or Ernst) Friedrich Gilg( January 12, 1867 in Baden- Württemberg, Germany – October 11, 1933 in Berlin) was a German botanist.

Horace Lawson Hunley
Horace Lawson Hunley( June 20, 1823 in Sumner County, Tennessee – October 15, 1863 off Charleston, South Carolina) was a Confederate marine engineer during the American Civil War. He developed early hand- powered submarines, the most famous of which was posthumously named for him, CSS" H. L. Hunley". Though he was born in Tennessee, Hunley's parents( Louisa Harden Lawson and John Hunley) relocated to New Orleans. Hunley served in the Louisiana State Legislature and practiced law in New Orleans. In 1861, after the start of the American Civil War, Hunley joined James R. McClintock and Baxter Watson in building the submarine" Pioneer". In order to prevent her capture, she had to be scuttled when New Orleans fell to Union forces in early 1862. After an unsuccessful attempt at building another submarine with McClintock and Watson, which ended in the vessel's sinking in Mobile Bay, Alabama, Hunley funded by himself a third submarine. The first submarine could supposedly reach 4 knots. Five men from the first crew of" H. L. Hunley" died during early tests when she was accidentally swamped by the wake of a passing ship through her open hatches; four managed to escape. A second crew was recruited in Charleston. On October 15, 1863, though he was not part of the crew, Hunley decided to take command during a routine exercise. The vessel again sank, and this time all eight crew members were killed, including Hunley himself. The vessel was later raised and used again in 1864 in the first successful sinking of an enemy vessel( the USS" Housatonic") by a submarine in naval history. The operation was also fateful for the" H. L. Hunley", which sank a third time, and for the second time losing all hands. Horace L. Hunley was buried with full military honors at Magnolia Cemetery in Charleston, South Carolina, on November 8, 1863.

Arnošt Kreuz
Arnošt Kreuz( or Ernst Kreuz, 9 May 1912 – 9 February 1974), was a Czech football forward of German ethnicity who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Ernst Ziehm
Dr. Ernst Ziehm( 1 May 1867 – 7 July 1962) was a Danzig- based German politician from the conservative German National People's Party and President of the Senate of the Free City of Danzig from 1931 to 1933. Born in Damerau, West Prussia, Ziehm studied jurisprudence and judicial Intern in Strasbourg and Marienweder from 1905 to 1914. Then he became judicial official in Oppeln. In 1914, he became an administrator in Danzig. From 1931 to 1933 he served as President of the Senate of the Free City of Danzig( Head of State). After 1933, he was replaced by Hermann Rauschning, as Nazis seized control over the city- state's government. Ziehm died in Lübeck in 1962.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Ernst Pringsheim Jr.
Ernst Pringsheim Jr., Ernst Georg Pringsheim jun., or Ernst Georg Pringsheim( October 26, 1881 in Breslau, Niederschlesien – December 26, 1970 in Hannover) was a German Natural scientist(" Naturwissenschaftler") and plant physiologist( Pflanzenphysiologe). He taught as a professor for biochemistry and botany, in the University of Berlin, University of Prague, and Cambridge University.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.