V. Uvarov
V. Uvarov was a Soviet set decorator. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for his work in the epic film "War and Peace" (1967).

War of the Buttons (2011 Yann Samuell film)
War of the Buttons is a 2011 French adventure film directed by Yann Samuell. It is one of two films based on the eponymous novel by Louis Pergaud released in 2011.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

War of the Buttons (1994 film)
War of the Buttons is a 1994 Irish-French drama adventure film directed by John Roberts. It was written by Colin Welland and based on the French novel "La Guerre des boutons", by Louis Pergaud. The story, about two rival boys' gangs in Ireland, the Ballys (working class) and the Carricks (middle class), is set in County Cork, where it was filmed on location. The film has been classified as a drama and comedy, and the tone is frequently light and humorous. It examines issues of conflict and war, the actions and consequences of violence, and how it can divide and oppose people who can be friends as easily as they can be enemies.

John Roberts
John Glover Roberts Jr. (born January 27, 1955) is an American lawyer and jurist who serves as Chief Justice of the United States. Roberts has authored the majority opinion in several landmark cases, including "Shelby County v. HolderNational Federation of Independent Business v. SebeliusKing v. Burwell", and "Department of Commerce v. New York". He has been described as having a conservative judicial philosophy in his jurisprudence, but has shown a willingness to work with the Supreme Court's liberal bloc, and since the retirement of Anthony Kennedy in 2018 has come to be regarded as a key swing vote on the Court. Roberts was born in Buffalo, New York, but grew up in northwestern Indiana and was educated in Catholic schools. He studied history at Harvard University, then attended the Harvard Law School, where he became the managing editor of the "Harvard Law Review". He served as a law clerk for Circuit Judge Henry Friendly and then-associate justice William Rehnquist before taking a position in the Attorney General's office during the Reagan Administration. He went on to serve the Reagan administration and the George H. W. Bush administration in the Department of Justice and the Office of the White House Counsel, before spending 14 years in private law practice. During this time, he argued 39 cases before the Supreme Court. Notably, he represented 19 states in "United States v. Microsoft Corp."
In 2003, Roberts was appointed as a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit by George W. Bush. During his two-year tenure on the D.C. Circuit, Roberts authored 49 opinions, eliciting two dissents from other judges, and authoring three dissents of his own. In 2005, Roberts was nominated to be an associate justice of the Supreme Court, initially to succeed the retiring Sandra Day O'Connor. When Rehnquist died before Roberts's confirmation hearings began, Bush instead nominated Roberts to fill the chief justice position.

War of the Buttons (2011 Christophe Barratier film)
War of the Buttons( original title: La Nouvelle Guerre des boutons) is a 2011 French film directed by Christophe Barratier.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Lee Sandales
Lee Sandales is an art director. On January 24, 2012, he was nominated for an Academy Award for his work on the 2011 film" War Horse".

War of the Buttons (1962 film)
La Guerre des boutons or War of the Buttons is a 1962 French film directed by Yves Robert. War of the Buttons is about two rival kid gangs whose playful combats escalate into violence. The title derives from the buttons that are cut off from the rival team's clothes as combat trophies. The film is based on" La Guerre des boutons", a novel by Louis Pergaud( 1882 – 1915), who was killed in action in World War I and whose works portray a fervent anti-militarism. The young and largely untrained actors included André Treton(" Lebrac"), Michel Isella(" l' Aztec") and Martin Lartigue(" Petit Gibus"). The character Petit Gibus's line of dialogue- uttered in frustration-" si j'aurais su, j'aurais pas v'nuif I would a known, I would n't a come"), with its incorrect grammar( the correct form should be:" si j" avais" su, je ne" serais" pas venu") has become a familiar tagline in France( the line was not in the original novel). The film won France's Prix Jean Vigo. The film was remade in Ireland in 1994 as" War of the Buttons", in an Irish setting, and again in France in 2011, with the original title.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.