The Queen's Traitor
The Queen's Traitor is a 1967 British television series directed by Campbell Logan and starring Nigel Green, Susan Engel and Stephanie Beacham. It portrays the Ridolfi plot, an attempt to overthrow Queen Elizabeth I and replace her with Mary, Queen of Scots.

Man in Hiding
Man in Hiding or The Man in Hiding is the title of two films:

The Child and the Killer
The Child and the Killer is a British low budget 1959 crime film. It was also known as" The Man in the Shadows".

Personal Property (film)
Personal Property is a 1937 American romantic comedy film starring Jean Harlow and Robert Taylor and directed by W.S. Van Dyke. It is based on the play" The Man in Possession" by H. M. Harwood which had previously been made into a film" The Man in Possession" by MGM. It was the last film released with Harlow in it during her lifetime.

Man in Black
The Man in Black may refer to:

Butterfly in Grey
Butterfly in Grey ("Khang paed") is a 2002 Thai drama film.

Man in a Shell
Man in a Shell is a 1939 Soviet drama film directed by Isidor Annensky. This film is based on the short story" The Man in the Case" written by Anton Chekhov in 1898.

The Man in the Photograph
The Man in the Photograph(" Čovjek s fotografije") is a Croatian film directed by Vladimir Pogačić. It was released in 1963.

The Man in the Iron Mask (1939 film)
The Man in the Iron Mask is a 1939 American film very loosely adapted from the last section of the novel" The Vicomte de Bragelonne" by Alexandre Dumas," père", which is itself based on the French legend of the Man in the Iron Mask. The film was Peter Cushing's screen debut. It was also notable for being the source of several subsequent remakes. The film was directed by James Whale and stars Louis Hayward as royal twins, Joan Bennett as Princess Maria Theresa, Warren William as d' Artagnan, and Joseph Schildkraut as Nicolas Fouquet.

The Man in Grey
The Man in Grey is a 1943 British film melodrama made by Gainsborough Pictures, and is considered as the first of its" Gainsborough melodramas"( a series of period costume dramas). It was directed by Leslie Arliss and produced by Edward Black from a screenplay by Leslie Arliss and Margaret Kennedy, adapted by Doreen Montgomery from the novel" The Man in Grey" by Eleanor Smith. The film's sets were designed by Walter Murton. The picture stars Margaret Lockwood, Phyllis Calvert, James Mason, Stewart Granger and Martita Hunt, and melded together elements of the successful" women's pictures" of the time with distinct new elements.