Lake Charles: Lake Charles may refer to:

Ak-Chin Regional Airport: Ak- Chin Regional Airport,( previously" Phoenix Regional Airport"), is a privately owned public- use airport located south east of the CBD of Phoenix, in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.

Eureka Airport: Eureka Airport may refer to:

Charles Sallier: Lake Charles, Louisiana was named for Charles Sallier, an early settler of the area. Martin and Dela LeBleu were among the first to settle near Lake Charles, in the area called LeBleu Settlement. They arrived in Lake Charles in 1781 from Bordeaux, France, and settled approximately six miles east of present- day Lake Charles, Louisiana. Soon after, many immigrants began arriving in the area to settle. Among them was Charles Anselm Sallier. Charles Sallier moved to Lake Charles and married the LeBleus' daughter, Catherine. They settled near Lake Charles( the lake) and had six children. As legend tells it, one day Charles Sallier thought that Catherine was having an affair with Jean Laffite. In rage, he shot at his wife and assumed she was dead. In guilt and regret, Charles ran off. However, Catherine had survived the shot by only a simple piece of jewelry – her brooch. She continued her life raising the six children in Lake Charles. Soon after, Lake Charles residents began calling the area" Charlie's Lake," and by the late 19th century, the area where Charles Sallier once lived was called" Charleston," or" Charles Town." Eventually it became known as" Lake Charles."

Arcata–Eureka Airport: California Redwood Coast – Humboldt County Airport( Arcata Airport) is in Humboldt County, California, north of Arcata and north of Eureka, in McKinleyville, California. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011 – 2015 categorized it as a" Nonhub primary commercial service" airport. The airport is a federally designated port of entry for civil aircraft arriving in the United States. The airport is the site of the command center for and primary facilities of the United States Coast Guard Air Station Humboldt Bay, which provides rescue and law enforcement for the region north of the San Francisco Bay Area.

Lake Charles Regional Airport: Lake Charles Regional Airport is a public use airport located five nautical miles( 9 km) south of the central business district of Lake Charles, a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States. Owned by Calcasieu Parish, the airport serves approximately 375,000 people in the Lake Charles – Jennings combined statistical area. The airport has two runways. They are oriented 5/23 and 15/33 and do not cross. The grounds are bounded by Lake Street to the West, Gauthier Road to the North, Highway 385 to the East, and Lincoln Road to the South. The entrance is off of Highway 385. A new modern terminal building was officially opened to the public in 2009. Built in the Louisiana plantation architectural style, it is a two- story terminal with one concourse. In 2009, American Eagle( now Envoy Air) began twice daily, nonstop regional jet service to Dallas- Fort Worth International Airport. American Eagle had previously served the airport with turboprop aircraft before discontinuing all flights at one point.

Liverpool/South Shore Regional Airport: Liverpool/ South Shore Regional Airport or South Shore Regional Airport is a registered aerodrome located in Greenfield, north northwest of Liverpool, in the Region of Queens Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada.

Gettysburg Regional Airport: Gettysburg Regional Airport, formerly known as the Gettysburg Airport and Travel Center and as Doersom Airport, is a general aviation airport located two miles( 4 km) west of the Gettysburg, in Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA. The airport is situated approximately south of Harrisburg. The airport opened in 1926 and had been a privately operated general aviation service airport. It is located on roughly in Cumberland Township, Pennsylvania. On August 25, 2006, the Susquehanna Area Regional Airport Authority acquired the airport and changed its official name.

Cairo Regional Airport: Cairo Regional Airport, is a county- owned public- use airport located northwest of the central business district of Cairo, Illinois, a city in Alexander County, Illinois, United States. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration( FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2019 – 2023, in which it is categorized as a local general aviation facility. The two closest airports with commercial airline service are Cape Girardeau Regional Airport and Barkley Regional Airport which are both about away.

Elmira Corning Regional Airport: Elmira/ Corning Regional Airport is a county- owned public airport in Chemung County, New York, seven miles northwest of Elmira and eight miles east of Corning. It is in the town of Big Flats but its mailing address is Horseheads, New York. The airport was formerly Elmira Regional Airport. The airport serves the Southern Tier of New York. It has airline flights and general aviation and glider activities. It is north of the Southern Tier Expressway( Interstate 86); other airports in the area include Greater Binghamton Airport and Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport. Greater Rochester International Airport and Syracuse International Airport are the closest airports with low- cost carrier service although Allegiant Air does operate from the airport on two routes to Florida.