St. Teresa's National Secondary School
St. Teresa's National Secondary School is an all- girls secondary school in Kuching, the capital of the East Malaysian state of Sarawak. It was founded in 1885. The school is a mission school partially owned by the government.

Mfantsiman Girls' Secondary School
Mfantsiman Girls' Secondary School is an all girls second cycle institution in Saltpond in the Central Region of Ghana which was founded in 1960 by Kwame Nkrumah as Saltpond Girls' Secondary School.

Queen's Park Secondary School
Queen's Park Secondary School was a secondary school in Glasgow, Scotland.

Koidu Girls Secondary School
Koidu Girls Secondary School is a government- sponsored secondary school for girls located in Koidutown, Kono District, Sierra Leone. Koidu Girls Secondary School was founded in 1952 to educate the girls in Koidu Town. It is the most prominent girls secondary school in the Kono District and one of the most prominent in Sierra Leone.

Tun Abdul Razak National Secondary School
Tun Abdul Razak National Secondary School is a public secondary school located on the outskirts of Kuching, the capital of the East Malaysian state of Sarawak. It is national secondary school, a government school in which Malay is the main medium of instruction.

Sacred Heart National Secondary School
Sacred Heart National Secondary School  is a secondary school in Sibu, a town in the East Malaysian state of Sarawak.

Padungan National Secondary School
Padungan National Secondary School , formerly Lumba Kuda National Secondary School , is a co-ed public secondary school situated in Kuching, the capital of the East Malaysia state of Sarawak. It offers classes from Transition up to Form 5.

Pujut National Secondary School
Pujut National Secondary School is a public secondary school in Miri, a city in the Malaysian state of Sarawak. It was opened on 5 January 2004 and provides five years of secondary education which culminates in( Form 3 Assessment) examination in Form 3 and( Malaysian Certificate of Education) in Form 5. The school is a national secondary school, a type of government secondary school in which Malay is the main medium of instruction.

St. Francis Girls' Senior High School
Saint Francis of Assisi Girls' Secondary School is the only girls' secondary school in the Upper West Region of Ghana.

Kyebambe Girls' Secondary School
Kyebambe Girls Secondary School is a residential girls- only secondary school located in Fort Portal, Kabarole District in western Uganda. It was founded in 1910 under the Church of Uganda and named after the Omukama of Toro, Daudi Kasagama Kyebambe IV.