Human Genomics and Proteomics
Human Genomics and Proteomics was an open-access peer- reviewed academic journal that published papers in the fields of human genomics and proteomics, systems biology, and personalized medicine. The editors- in- chief were George P. Patrinos( University of Patras) and Emanuel F. Petricoin( George Mason University). The journal was established in 2009 and is published by Sage Publications. The last article appeared in October 2011.

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

Personalized Medicine (journal)
Personalized Medicine is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering personalized medicine. It was established in 2004 and is published by Future Medicine.

Metagaming Concepts
Metagaming Concepts, later known simply as Metagaming, was a company that published board games from 1974 to 1983. It was founded and owned by Howard Thompson, who designed the company's first game," Stellar Conquest". The company also invented Microgames and published Steve Jackson's first designs, including" OgreG.E.V." and" The Fantasy Trip".

Pariah Press
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role- playing game.

A New Leaf (short story)
" A New Leaf" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that published in July 1931 in" The Saturday Evening Post".

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

Future Medicine
Future Medicine is a privately owned company based in London, England, United Kingdom. It is part of Future Science Publishing Group, primarily to publish peer-reviewed medical journals. Future Medicine publishes hybrid and full open access journals.

Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.