The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Beauty and the Barge (1914 film)
Beauty and the Barge is a 1914 British silent comedy film directed by Harold M. Shaw and starring Cyril Maude, Lillian Logan and Gregory Scott. It is an adaptation of the 1905 play" Beauty and the Barge" by W. W. Jacobs. A sound version of the same story was released in 1937.

Beauty and the Bastard
Beauty and the Bastard is a 2005 Finnish musical romantic drama film directed by Dome Karukoski and written by Pekko Pesonen. Its original Finnish title is Tyttö sinä olet tähti, which means" Girl you are a star". It stars Pamela Tola and Samuli Vauramo. Eero Milonoff, Joonas Saartamo, Mikko Leppilampi and Mikko Kouki play supporting roles. It is the feature- film debut of director Dome Karukoski, who had previous experience from commercials and short films. The music was composed by Jukka Immonen's Friend Music.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

John the Bastard
John the Bastard can refer to:

John the Bastard (film)
John the Bastard is a 1967 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Armando Crispino and starring John Richardson.

The Bastard (1954 film)
The Bastard is a 1954 Argentine film starring Tita Merello.

Crazy on the Outside
Crazy on the Outside is a 2010 American comedy film starring and directed by Tim Allen. The film marks Allen's feature film directorial debut, and is notable for reuniting Allen with co-stars from many of his previous films( Sigourney Weaver from" Galaxy Quest", Ray Liotta from" Wild Hogs", Kelsey Grammer from" Toy Story 2" and Julie Bowen from" Joe Somebody").

The Bastard
The Bastard may refer to:

Beauty and the Beast (2005 film)
Beauty and the Beast( also known as Blood of Beasts) is a 2005 film which is based on the folktale" Beauty and the Beast" and is set during the time of the Vikings.