Dorothy Jewson
Dorothea Jewson (17 August 1884 – 29 February 1964), better known as Dorothy Jewson, was a British teacher, trade union organiser, Labour Party politician, and one of her party's first female Members of Parliament. Whilst at Girton College, Cambridge, she joined socialist organisations including the Independent Labour Party, and went on to campaign for Women's Suffrage in Norwich. She became the "Chief Organiser" of the women's section of National Union of General Workers, before leaving to work as a housemaid at a London hotel, investigating the working conditions there. In 1923, she was elected as Member of Parliament in one of Norwich's two seats, one of the earliest Labour women to do so. After causing some initial controversy by not wearing a hat to Parliament, she gave her maiden speech in support of reducing the age of suffrage for women from 30 to 21, to match that of men. She was also a member of committees looking into legal aid and adoption. She lost her seat in the 1924 general election, and went on to become president of the Women's Birth Control Group, then a councillor in Norwich City Council, where she ensured the building many of Norwich's parks.

Yaya Soumahoro
Yaya Alfa Soumahoro (born 28 September 1989) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Having begun his career with Séwé Sports in his native country, he joined Thai club Muangthong United in 2008. His good performances earned him a move to K.A.A. Gent in 2010. He spent five and a half seasons with Gent but was plagued by recurring injuries throughout his time there. Following a half-season loan to Sint-Truidense V.V., he returned to Muangthong United where did not feature. In 2018, he joined Egyptian side Wadi Degla SC.

Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.

Donnie Elbert
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.

Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal
Ronald Jay Blumenthal (born September 25, 1969), better known by his stage name Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal, is an American guitarist, songwriter, recording artist and producer. He adopted his nickname from the bacterial infection of the same name, which he learned about while helping his wife study for her veterinary exams. The name went from being just the name of an album, to the name of a record label, to a band name, to eventually his name as a solo artist. He was one of two lead guitarists in Guns N' Roses from 2006 until 2014 and performed on their sixth studio album "Chinese Democracy". He is currently the lead guitarist and vocalist for the band Asia, having joined in 2019. Since the early 90s, he has released 10 CDs and a live DVD. He has appeared as a guest performer on other albums and on numerous compilation CD's. He has been the cover feature of GitarPlus magazine in Indonesia and has been featured in several foreign guitar magazines, as well as the subject of many print, radio and web interviews. Over the past twenty years, he has also worked with numerous bands and artists as producer, engineer, writer, arranger, and performer. He also writes TV jingles, theme songs, and background music.

Campbell Stephen
Reverend Campbell Stephen (1884 – 25 October 1947) was a Scottish socialist politician. A native of Glasgow, he was educated at Townhead Public School, Allan Glen's School and Glasgow University. He worked first as United Free Church Minister and then as a barrister. He resigned his charge at the United Free Church in Ardrossan, Ayrshire in 1918 to contest Ayr Burghs in the same year. He was Independent Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Camlachie from November 1922 to 1931 and from 1935 until his death. He was one of James Maxton's closest political allies within the Independent Labour Party and supported Maxton both in his attempts to foster closer relations with the Communist Party and also during the disaffiliation debate in the early 1930s. Despite his strong support for ILP independence from the Labour Party when Maxton was alive, Stephen resigned the ILP whip to sit as an Independent from July 1947, and rejoined the Labour Party in October, shortly before his death. His death sparked the 1948 Glasgow Camlachie by-election. In 1945, he married Dorothy Jewson, a former Labour Member of Parliament for Norwich.

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.