Don't Take Your Guns to Town
" Do n't Take Your Guns to Town" is a 1958 single by Johnny Cash. The single was his fifth release to reach the number one position on the country chart, where it stayed for six weeks. " Do n't Take Your Guns to Town" was also a crossover hit peaking at number thirty- two on the pop chart. The song is also included in the live album. The song was covered by U2 as the B-side of their 2001 single" Elevation". Members of the Western Writers of America chose it as one of the Top 100 Western songs of all time.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter)
Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Don't Take My Darling Boy Away
"Don't Take My Darling Boy Away" was a World War I era song about a mother begging a captain to not take away her son to fight. It was written by Will Dillon, composed by Albert Von Tilzer. André De Takacs designed the sheet music cover. The Broadway Music Corporation published it in New York in 1915.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Take My Hand, Precious Lord
" Take My Hand, Precious Lord"( a.k.a." Precious Lord, Take My Hand") is a gospel song. The lyrics were written by the Rev. Thomas A. Dorsey, who also adapted the melody.

Terence Robinson
Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.

My Darling, My Darling
" My Darling, My Darling" is a popular song, written by Frank Loesser and published in 1948. It was originally introduced by Byron Palmer and Doretta Morrow in the Broadway musical" Where's Charley?"( 1948). Charted versions were by: Other versions were by:

Albert Von Tilzer
Albert Von Tilzer (born Albert Gumm, March 29, 1878 – October 1, 1956) was an American songwriter, the younger brother of fellow songwriter Harry Von Tilzer. He wrote the music to many hit songs, including, most notably, "Take Me Out to the Ball Game".

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.