Edward M. Gregg Farm
The Edward M. Gregg Farm is a farm located in Jerome, Idaho, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

Blue Ridge Farm (Upperville, Virginia)
Blue Ridge Farm is a historic home and farm located near Upperville, Fauquier County, Virginia.

New York Times Building (disambiguation)
The New York Times Building is a skyscraper at 620 Eighth Avenue, on the west side of Midtown Manhattan, New York City, that was completed in 2007. New York Times Building may also refer to:

Seattle Times Building
The Seattle Times Building is the former headquarters of" The Seattle Times", located in Seattle, Washington, United States. The three- story building was occupied by the newspaper from 1931 to 2011, replacing the Times Square Building. It was originally built in 1931 and later expanded to accommodate more office space and larger presses. The exterior and roof of the Seattle Times Building were designated a city landmark in 1996. Designed by Robert C. Reamer with elements of the Art Deco and Moderne styles, the reinforced concrete building was representative of early 20th century architecture in Seattle. The newspaper moved out of the building in 2011 and sold it in 2013 to Onni Group, a Canadian real estate developer, who plans to build four residential skyscrapers on the site and adjacent parking lot to the south. Onni plans to preserve the building's facade and integrate it into the podium of a building, converting it into a rooftop balcony. Demolition of the building began in October 2016, after incidents involving squatters on the property.

Times Building
Times Building may refer to:

Philip Foster Farm
Philip Foster Farm is a historic site in Eagle Creek, Oregon, United States, near the city of Estacada. The farm is part of a land claim purchased in 1847 by American pioneer Philip Foster. Foster built a store, house, barn, and other structures at the farm. The farmhouse and barn still stand, and replicas of the store, blacksmith shop and log cabin have been built on the site. The Farm is located on the last leg of the Barlow Road, and was an important rest stop for travelers on the Oregon Trail. Exteriors of the Farm are accessible year-round, with interpretive signage. The website at http://philipfosterfarm.com lists visiting hours to see the interiors, with costumed interpreters. The site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and hosts thousands of school children each year for their hands-on Pioneer Life field trips. The Jacknife-Zion-Horseheaven Historical Society, which owns and operates the site, jokes that Foster Farm is the "First destination resort in the Oregon Territory." Some students at the nearby Summit Learning Charter school come to volunteer and help with tours. They also help with events, and when you arrive at the Farm, are dressed as Pioneers. Coming by is a lovely way to further your child's knowledge of Oregon History. NON PROFIT STATUS The Philip Foster Farm is owned and managed by the Jacknife Zion Horse Heaven Historical Society. The Society is named for origin and place names for the Estacada Region. The Society Accepted responsibility for the farm￼ thru Donation. The Society board of directors manage policy while paid staff and volunteers manage events. Events Include: Pioneer Life Tours (over 6000 participants); general public tours (over 2000); Live History Camp (5000); Special Events (13,000); Trails Across Time (11,000). Special Events include but are not limited to:. Mary Charlotte's Garden Party
The fall Cider Squeeze Christmas in the Country

Old Delta Democrat Times Building
The Old Delta Democrat Times Building is a historic building in Greenville, in the state of Mississippi in the Southern United States.

Oakley (Upperville, Virginia)
Oakley is a historic home and farm located near Upperville, Fauquier County, Virginia.

Jan Drago
Jan Drago is an American politician from Seattle who has served on both Seattle City Council and King County Council.

Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm
Gov. Benjamin T. Biggs Farm is a historic home and farm located near Middletown, New Castle County, Delaware.