Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham): Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Etan Boritzer: Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Les Richards: Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Pola X: Pola X is a 1999 French romantic drama film directed by Leos Carax and starring Guillaume Depardieu, Yekaterina Golubeva and Catherine Deneuve. The film is loosely based on the Herman Melville novel . It revolves around a successful young novelist who is confronted by a woman who claims to be his lost sister, and the two begin a romantic relationship. The film title is an acronym of the French title of the novel, "Pierre ou les ambiguïtés", plus the Roman numeral "X" indicating the tenth draft version of the script that was used to make the film. The film was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival. " Pola X" has been associated with the New French Extremity.

Pamela Jain: Pamela Jain is an Indian playback singer. Date of Birth:16th March.

Leos Carax: Alex Christophe Dupont (born 22 November 1960), best known as Leos Carax , is a French film director, critic, and writer. Carax is noted for his poetic style and his tortured depictions of love. His first major work was "Boy Meets Girl" (1984), and his notable works include "Les Amants du Pont-Neuf" (1991) and "Holy Motors" (2012). His professional name is an anagram of his real name, 'Alex', and 'Oscar'.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter): Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Terence Robinson: Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.