Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.

Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

There Goes My Girl
There Goes My Girl is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes, written by Harry Segall, and starring Gene Raymond, Ann Sothern, Gordon Jones, Richard Lane, Frank Jenks and Bradley Page. It was released on May 21, 1937, by RKO Pictures.

Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

Marvin Hatley
Thomas Marvin Hatley (April 3, 1905 – August 23, 1986), professionally known simply as Marvin Hatley, was an American film composer and musical director, best known for his work for the Hal Roach studio from 1929 until 1940. Hatley wrote many of the musical cues appearing in the "Our GangLaurel and Hardy", and "Charley Chase" films. His most memorable composition is "Dance of the Cuckoos" (also known as "Ku-Ku", or "The Cookoo Song"), which serves as Laurel and Hardy's theme song. He was also the "player piano" (performing off-screen) in "The Music Box" (1932). His work in Laurel and Hardy's films "Way Out West" and "Block-Heads" earned him nominations for the Academy Award for Best Original Score. In 1939, Hatley was fired from the Roach studio. At the insistence of Stan Laurel, however, he did return to score one final Laurel & Hardy film, "Saps at Sea". Hatley went on to become a lounge pianist, and often remarked that he earned more money in that career than during his days at the Roach studio. Marvin Hatley was a native of Reed, Oklahoma. He died on August 23, 1986 in Hollywood, California.

There Goes My Heart (film)
There Goes My Heart is a 1938 romantic comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Virginia Bruce as a wealthy heiress who goes to work under an alias at a department store owned by her grandfather. Fredric March plays the reporter who tracks her down. The film is based on a story by Ed Sullivan, better known for his long-running television show. The film was nominated for a Best Score Oscar for Marvin Hatley.

Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.