In the Heat of Passion
In the Heat of Passion is a 1992 American thriller film.

Hum Hai Raahi Car Ke
Hum Hai Raahi Car Ke is a comedy misadventure love story film directed by Jyotin Goel, that was released in India on 24 May 2013.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Chinese Horror Story
Chinese Horror Story is a 2015 Chinese horror thriller film directed by Bowie Lau. It was released on November 20, 2015.

The Heat's On
The Heat's On( 1943) is a musical movie starring Mae West, William Gaxton, and Victor Moore, and released by Columbia Pictures.

Hate Story 3
Hate Story 3 is a 2015 Indian Hindi- language Bollywood erotic thriller film directed by Vishal Pandya. Produced by T- Series, it stars Sharman Joshi, Karan Singh Grover, Zareen Khan and Daisy Shah in lead roles, and Priyanshu Chatterjee in a pivotal role. Written by Vikram Bhatt and Madhuri Banerji, the film is part of the" Hate Story" film series. The film was released on 4 December 2015. The film was a box office success.

A Cinderella Story: Christmas Wish
A Cinderella Story: Christmas Wish is a 2019 American teen comedy musical film written and directed by Michelle Johnston and starring Laura Marano and Gregg Sulkin. It is the fifth installment of" A Cinderella Story" film series. The film was released digitally on October 15, 2019, and DVD on October 29, 2019.

Hate Story
Hate Story is a 2012 Indian Hindi- language erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt. It stars Nikhil Dwivedi, Gulshan Devaiya and Paoli Dam in lead roles and the film was released on 20 April 2012. The first installment in the" Hate Story" film series the film was a commercial and critical success. The premise of the film chronicles a woman and her struggle to fight against the man that betrayed her.

Horror Story (film)
Horror Story is a Bollywood dramatic horror film written by Vikram Bhatt and directed by Ayush Raina. The film stars Ravish Desai and Hasan Zaidi, and features the Bollywood movie debut of noted television actor Karan Kundra. The film was released on 13 September 2013. The plot revolves around a night spent by seven youngsters at a haunted hotel. The film received positive reviews but was declared" Average" at the box office. The film is based on the Stephen King short story" 1408".

Come Back, Charleston Blue
Come Back, Charleston Blue is a 1972 comedy film starring Godfrey Cambridge and Raymond St. Jacques, loosely based on Chester Himes' novel" The Heat's On". It is a sequel to the 1970 film" Cotton Comes to Harlem".