Lidia Ruslanova
Lidia Andreyevna Ruslanova( sometimes spelt" Lidiya" or" Lydia",; 27 October 1900 in Saratov Governorate – 21 September 1973 in Moscow) was one of the greatest and best- loved performers of Russian folk songs.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Lydia Shum
Lydia Shum Din- ha or Lydia Sum( Chinese: 沈殿霞; 21 July 1945 – 19 February 2008) was a Hong Kong comedian, MC, and actress known for her portly figure, signature dark rimmed glasses and bouffant hairstyle. She was affectionately known to peers and fans as Fei-fei( 肥肥," Fat Fat" or" Fatty"). Shum died at 8:38 a.m.( local time) on 19 February 2008 where her condition worsened due to pleural effusion, aged 62.

Alexander Jeremiah Orenstein
Alexander Jeremiah Orenstein( 26 September 1879 – 7 July 1972) was a Russian- born naturalized American general and military doctor. Orenstein worked in the Panama Canal Zone and South Africa, on the eradication and treatment of tropical disease, and founded a series of lectures which bears his name.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Lydia Flood Jackson
Lydia Flood Jackson( June 6, 1862 – July 8, 1963) was an American businesswoman, suffragist, and clubwoman.