Science Fiction Adventures (British magazine)
Science Fiction Adventures was a British digest- size science fiction magazine, published from 1958 to 1963 by Nova Publications as a companion to" New Worlds" and" Science Fantasy". It was edited by John Carnell. " Science Fiction Adventures" began as a reprint of the American magazine of the same name," Science Fiction Adventures", but after only three issues the American version ceased publication. Instead of closing down the British version, which had growing circulation, Nova decided to continue publishing it with new material. The fifth issue was the last which contained stories reprinted from the American magazine, though Carnell did occasionally reprint stories thereafter from other sources. Notable fiction included J.G. Ballard's" The Drowned World", Michael Moorcock's" The Blood Red Game", and John Brunner's" Times Without Number", published as series of short stories. The magazine was cancelled because of declining sales after 32 issues, with the final issue dated May 1963. Carnell hoped this would be a temporary hiatus, but the following year Nova went out of business, and" Science Fiction Adventures" was never revived.

Marco Roth
Marco Roth( born 1974) in New York, New York is a co-founder and editor of" n+1" magazine.

Lester del Rey
Lester del Rey (June 2, 1915 – May 10, 1993) was an American science fiction author and editor. He was the author of many books in the juvenile Winston Science Fiction series, and the editor at Del Rey Books, the fantasy and science fiction imprint of Ballantine Books, along with his fourth wife Judy-Lynn del Rey.

Maggie Thompson
Margaret" Maggie" Thompson( born Margaret Curtis on November 29, 1942), is a former librarian, longtime editor of the now- defunct" Comics Buyer's Guide"( a comic book industry news magazine), science fiction fan and collector of comics.

John Mulholland (journalist)
John Mulholland( born 20 November 1962) is an Irish journalist who was the editor of the British Sunday newspaper" The Observer" for 10 years and assistant editor of" The Guardian". He has worked for most of his career with the Guardian Media Group. In April 2018, he became the editor of Guardian US.

Science Fiction Adventures (1956 magazine)
Science Fiction Adventures was an American digest- size science fiction magazine, published from 1956 to 1958 by Royal Publications as a companion to" Infinity Science Fiction", which had been launched the previous year. It was edited by Larry T. Shaw throughout its short run. " Science Fiction Adventures" focused on longer fiction than appeared in" Infinity"; these were often labelled as novels, though they were rarely longer than 20,000 words. Shaw declared in his first editorial that he wanted to bring back a" sense of wonder", and he printed straightforward action adventure stories. Robert Silverberg was a prolific contributor, under his own name and under the pseudonym" Calvin M. Knox", and he also collaborated with Randall Garrett, under the name" Robert Randall", on a story in the first issue. Other well- known writers occasionally appeared, including Cyril M. Kornbluth, Algis Budrys, and Harry Harrison. The magazine was cancelled because of disappointing sales; the final issue was dated June 1958.

Science Fiction Adventures (1952 magazine)
Science Fiction Adventures was an American digest-size science fiction magazine, published from 1952 to 1954 by Science Fiction Publications. It was edited by Lester del Rey, under the pseudonym "Philip St. John", and was targeted at a younger audience than its companion magazine, "Space Science Fiction". Contributors included Algis Budrys, Raymond Z. Gallun, Robert Sheckley, and del Rey himself, who published his novel " Police Your Planet" under the pseudonym "Erik van Lhin". Damon Knight contributed a book review column beginning with the fifth issue. Cyril M. Kornbluth's novel " The Syndic" was serialized in 1954. Artwork was provided by H.R. van Dongen, Kelly Freas, and Paul Orban, among others. Lester del Rey left at the end of 1953, and his place was taken by Harry Harrison, but the magazine lasted for only three more issues.

Sheila Williams
Sheila Williams( born 1956 in Springfield, Massachusetts) is the editor of" Asimov's Science Fiction" magazine.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Peter Bhatia
Peter Bhatia is an American journalist and the editor of the" Detroit Free Press". He was previously the editor of" The Oregonian".