Beeper (film)
Beeper is a 2002 film directed by Jack Sholder.

Partners in Action
Partners in Action is a 2002 film directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Armand Assante.

The Collector (2004 film)
The Collector is a 2004 Danish action film directed by Lasse Spang Olsen.

Bag of the Collector
Bag of the Collector is a 1979 Soviet crime drama directed by Augusto Baltrušaitis.

Gulîstan, Land of Roses
Gulîstan, Land of Roses( French title: Gulîstan, terre de roses) is a 2016 feature- length documentary film about women guerillas in a Kurdistan Workers' Party( PKK) Free Women's Unit, in combat against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, directed by Kurdish Montreal filmmaker Zaynê Akyol. Shot in Iraqi Kurdistan, the film is co-produced Montreal ’s Périphéria Productions, Germany's MitosFilm and the National Film Board of Canada. The film was conceived and named for a woman, Gulîstan, who'd been a role model for the director in her adopted home in Montreal, until she left to fight with the PKK. Ak yol went to Iraq in 2010 in an unsuccessful effort to find her and make a film about her. Unable to locate Gulîstan, she did find women who knew her and the focus of the documentary shifted to telling Gulîstan's story through their memories of her. But when she returned to Iraq to film in 2014, some of those women were now dead while others were in combat, and so the focus of the film shifted yet again, to documenting the experiences of women like Gulîstan.

The Collector (2002 film)
The Collector is a Canadian thriller film, released in 2002. Written and directed by Jean Beaudin based on the crime novel of the same name by Chrystine Brouillet, the film stars Maude Guérin as Maude Graham, a police detective trying to track down a serial killer( Luc Picard) while simultaneously sheltering two homeless teenagers, a 16 year old hustler( Lawrence Arcouette) and a 12 year old runaway( Charles- André Bourassa). The film garnered several Genie Award and Jutra Award nominations in 2003. Picard won the Jutra for Best Supporting Actor.

The Business of Fancydancing
The Business of Fancydancing is a 2002 film written and directed by Sherman Alexie.

The Climb (2002 film)
The Climb is a 2002 film directed by John Schmidt, distributed by World Wide Pictures.

Charlotte Sometimes (film)
Charlotte Sometimes is a 2002 film written, directed, and produced by Eric Byler.

Dark Descent
Dark Descent is a 2002 film written and directed by Daniel Knauf.