Charlemagne
Charlemagne  or Charles the Great (2 April 748 – 28 January 814), numbered Charles I, was King of the Franks from 768, King of the Lombards from 774, and Emperor of the Romans from 800. During the Early Middle Ages, he united the majority of western and central Europe. He was the first recognised emperor to rule from western Europe since the fall of the Western Roman Empire three centuries earlier. The expanded Frankish state that Charlemagne founded is called the Carolingian Empire. He was later canonized by Antipope Paschal III. Charlemagne was the eldest son of Pepin the Short and Bertrada of Laon, born before their canonical marriage. He became king in 768 following his father's death, initially as co-ruler with his brother Carloman I. Carloman's sudden death in December 771 under unexplained circumstances left Charlemagne the sole ruler of the Frankish Kingdom. He continued his father's policy towards the papacy and became its protector, removing the Lombards from power in northern Italy and leading an incursion into Muslim Spain. He campaigned against the Saxons to his east, Christianizing them upon penalty of death and leading to events such as the Massacre of Verden. He reached the height of his power in 800 when he was crowned "Emperor of the Romans" by Pope Leo III on Christmas Day at Rome's Old St. Peter's Basilica. Charlemagne has been called the "Father of EuropePater Europae"), as he united most of Western Europe for the first time since the classical era of the Roman Empire and united parts of Europe that had never been under Frankish or Roman rule. His rule spurred the Carolingian Renaissance, a period of energetic cultural and intellectual activity within the Western Church. Emperors of the Holy Roman Empire considered themselves successors of Charlemagne, as did the French and German monarchs. The Eastern Orthodox Church viewed Charlemagne less favorably due to his support of the filioque and the Pope's having preferred him as Emperor over the Byzantine Empire's Irene of Athens. These and other disputes led to the eventual split of Rome and Constantinople in the Great Schism of 1054. Charlemagne died in 814 and was laid to rest in his imperial capital city of Aachen. He married at least four times and had three legitimate sons who lived to adulthood, but only the youngest of them, Louis the Pious, survived to succeed him.

Rumbold of Mechelen
Saint Rumbold( or" RumoldRomuold") was an Irish or Scottish Christian missionary, although his true nationality is not known for certain. He was martyred near Mechelen by two men, whom he had denounced for their evil ways. Saint Rumbold's feast day is celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church, and Western Rite Orthodox Churches, on 24 June; and it is celebrated in Ireland on 3 July. He is the patron saint of Mechelen, where St. Rumbold's Cathedral possesses an elaborate golden shrine on its high altar, containing relics attributed to the saint. It is rumoured that his remains are buried inside the cathedral. Twenty- five paintings in the choir illustrate his life.

Roberto Savio
Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance. He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini. Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome. He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.

Luitgard (Frankish queen)
Luitgard (died 4 June 800) was the fourth and last wife of Charlemagne. Luitgard was the daughter of an Alamannian count. She married Charlemagne in 794 and died of unknown causes on 4 June 800. She and Charlemagne had no children. According to 15th century chronicles from Oxford University, Luitgard had a sister, Redburga/Redburh, who met Ecgberht, later to be King of Wessex while he was exiled in West Francia by Beorhtric of Wessex and Offa of Mercia, the two later married.

Baglan Mailybayev
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Fulco
Fulco was the first known missionary Bishop of Estonia. He was appointed in 1165 by Eskil, the Danish Archbishop of Lund. Before his appointment, Fulco was a Benedictine monk in the abbey of Moutier- la- Celle, near Troyes in France. His nationality is not known. After his appointment, Fulco appears in sources only once. In 1171, Pope Alexander III asked the Archbishop of Trondheim to assign an Estonian monk Nicolaus living in Stavanger to go to Fulco's assistance. No further information survives about Fulco's work in Estonia, or whether he ever even got there.

Nayelly Hernández
Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player. She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships. Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour. Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player. She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.

Khalid al-Habib
Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan. In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack. al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).