Agnieszka (courtier)
Agnieszka( died after 1572), was a Polish Court dwarf in service of Sophia Jagiellon, Duchess of Brunswick- Lüneburg. She was the personal favorite and secretary of Sophia. Agnieszka was likely in the service of Sophia in Poland prior to her marriage. She did belong to the Polish retinue of 500 people accompanying Sophia from Poland to her new life in Germany upon her marriage to Henry V, Duke of Brunswick- Lüneburg in February 1556. In contrast to the majority of the Polish courtiers, Agnieszka remained with Sophia in her new court in Germany in Wolfenbüttel Castle. She had an influential position at court as the personal confidante and secretary of Sophia. She conducted the correspondence between Sophia and her powerful relatives, such as her brother the king of Poland and her sister the queen of Sweden. In 1568, she accompanied Sophia to her dower court, and assisted her in making it a cultural center. After 1572, she assisted Sophia in her work to defend her late brother's will. Her year of death is not known, but she was noted to be alive in 1572. Her position is mirrored with Dorothea Ostrelska, whose life in the court of Sophia's sister Catherine Jagellon is an almost exact replica to her.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Victor Duleep Singh
Prince Victor Albert Jay Duleep Singh( 10 July 1866 – 7 June 1918) was the eldest son of Maharani Bamba Müller and Maharaja Sir Duleep Singh, the last Maharaja of Lahore, and of the Sikh Empire, and the grandson of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

Sophia Duleep Singh
Princess Sophia Alexandrovna Duleep Singh (8 August 1876 – 22 August 1948) was a prominent suffragette in the United Kingdom. Her father was Maharaja Duleep Singh, who had been taken from the Sikh Empire to the British Raj, and was subsequently exiled to England. Sophia's mother was Bamba Müller, and her godmother was Queen Victoria. She had four sisters, including two halfsisters, and four brothers. She lived in Hampton Court in an apartment in Faraday House given to her by Queen Victoria as a grace and favour. During the early twentieth century, Singh was one of several Indian women who pioneered the cause of women's rights in Britain. Although she is best remembered for her leading role in the Women's Tax Resistance League, she also participated in other women's suffrage groups, including the Women's Social and Political Union.

Bamba Müller
Maharani Bamba, Lady Duleep Singh (born Bamba Müller; 6 July 1848 – 18 September 1887), was the wife of H.H. Maharaja Sir Duleep Singh. Brought up by Christian missionaries, she married Sir Duleep Singh and became Maharani Bamba, wife of the last Maharaja of Lahore. Her transformation from illegitimate girl living in a Cairo mission to a Maharani living a life of luxury with the "Black Prince of Perthshire" has been compared to the "Cinderella" story.

Frederick Duleep Singh
Prince Frederick Victor Duleep Singh, MVO, TD, FSA (23 January 1868 – 15 August 1926), also known as Prince Freddy, was a younger son of Sir Duleep Singh, the last Maharaja of the Sikh Empire.

Bill Smith (footballer, born 1897)
William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.

Thomas Scott (diver)
Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Rahul Singh (actor)
Rahul Singh is an actor known for his works in Bollywood. Singh's mother Prabha Thakur is a Hindi poet and also a member of Rajya Sabha.