Sgt. Disco
Sgt. Disco is the fifth studio album by the Ohio psychedelic/ experimental rock band Circus Devils. The album was released first as a double- vinyl LP. The CD version of the album was released by Mike Patton's Ipecac Recordings label on August 28, 2007. " Sgt. Disco" features Robert Pollard on vocals and Todd Tobias on all instruments and atmospheres.

Love & War (Daniel Merriweather album)
Love& War is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Daniel Merriweather, the album was released on 1 June 2009, on Marlin Records/ Universal( AUS), Allido/ Columbia/ RCA( UK). The success of singles" Change" and" Red", both of which cracked the UK top ten was enough to propel the album to number two on the UK Albums Chart. The album was released on 23 February 2010 in the United States under J Records and Allido Records. It features string arrangements by David Campbell.

The Love & War MasterPeace
The Love & War MasterPeace is the third studio album by American recording artist Raheem DeVaughn, released on March 2, 2010 through Jive Records. It was also released as a deluxe edition with an additional disc of bonus material. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 and production was handled primarily by Kenny "Dope" Gonzalez. The album debuted at number nine on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 45,000 copies in its first week. Upon its release, "The Love & War MasterPeace" was well received by music critics.

Take Me Out
Take Me Out may refer to:

Let Me Out
Let Me Out may refer to:

Love & War (BarlowGirl album)
Love& War is the fifth and final studio album from the Christian rock band, BarlowGirl. The album was released on September 8, 2009, on Fervent Records. " Beautiful Ending" is the first single to be released from the album.

Love + War (Kwabs album)
Love + War is the debut studio album by British singer Kwabs. It was released on 11 September 2015 through Atlantic Records.

Don't Freak Me Out
Don't Freak Me Out is the first and only album released by English musician Jimmy Stevens in 1972. The album was produced by Maurice Gibb. But in the United States, it was released in January 1973 and was called "Paid My Dues".

Your Songs
Your Songs is a studio album by American jazz singer Harry Connick Jr. that was released by Columbia. It was released first in the United States on a limited edition double vinyl LP on August 25, 2009, then on CD on September 22.

Dig Me Out
Dig Me Out is the third studio album by the American rock band Sleater- Kinney, released on April 8, 1997, by Kill Rock Stars. The album was produced by John Goodmanson and recorded from December 1996 to January 1997 at John and Stu's Place in Seattle, Washington. " Dig Me Out" marked the debut of Janet Weiss, who is the band's longest- serving drummer. The music on the record was influenced by traditional rock and roll bands, while the lyrics deal with issues of heartbreak and survival. The album cover is an homage to The Kinks' 1965 album" The Kink Kontroversy". Two singles were released in support of the album:" One More Hour" and" Little Babies". The title track" Dig Me Out" peaked at number six on the KEXP Top 90.3 Album Chart in 1997 without being released as a single. The album was acclaimed by music critics, who praised the album's energy and feminist lyrics. Retrospectively," Dig Me Out" is considered the band's breakthrough record and is frequently included on several publications' best album lists. In 2003," Rolling Stone" ranked it No. 272 on its list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.