Jan Karol Opaliński
Jan Karol Opaliński (1642 – 26 March 1695), known as Henri Opaliński in France, was a Polish starost and kasztelan of Poznań. He was the son of Krzysztof Opaliński and Teresa Konstancya Czarnkowska.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Iraqi nationality law
Iraqi nationality is transmitted by one's parents.

Jan Karol Tarło
Jan Karol Tarło( c. 1593–1645) was a Polish – Lithuanian noble( szlachcic). Son of starost Stanisław Tarło and Barbara Dulska. Married to Marianna Ligęza c. 1636. He was castellan of Wiślice and starost of Olsztyn and Zwoleń. His daughter Barbara married the powerful magnate Hetman Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski.

Stanisław Tarło
Stanisław Tarło( died 1599/1601) was a Polish noble( szlachcic). The son of Chorąży of Lwów Jan Tarło and Regina z Malczyc, he married Barbara Dulska in about 1593. They had two children together, Paweł Tarło and Jan Karol Tarło. He was starost of Sochaczew and Zwoleń.

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).

Michał Englert
Michał Englert( born May 4, 1975, Warsaw) is Polish cinematographer ans screenwriter. He gradated from Cinematography Department, National Film School in Łódź. He is son of Polish actress Marta Lipinska and actor and stage director, his uncle is Jan Englert.

Jan Karol Czolański
Jan Karol Czolański( died 10 Nov 1664) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Lutsk( 1662 – 1664)

Krzysztof Opaliński
Krzysztof Opaliński (21 January 1611 – 6 December 1655) was a Polish nobleman, politician, writer, satirist and Governor of Poznań. A notable figure during the Swedish Deluge , Opaliński was a skilled diplomat who opposed King John II Casimir and published many of his works concerning the daily political or social matters in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.

List of Victoria Cross recipients of uncertain nationality
The following is a list of Victoria Cross recipients whose nationality is uncertain.