Jacen Burrows
Jacen Burrows is an American comic book artist best known for his work on various books from Avatar Press.

Leona Lewis
Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British singer, songwriter, actress, model and activist. She was born and raised in the London Borough of Islington in London, where she attended the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology. Lewis achieved national recognition when she won the third series of "The X Factor" in 2006, winning a £1 million recording contract with Simon Cowell's record label, Syco Music. Her winner's single, a cover of Kelly Clarkson's "A Moment Like This", peaked at number one for four weeks on the UK Singles Chart and broke a world record for reaching 50,000 digital downloads within 30 minutes. In February 2007, Lewis signed a five-album contract in the United States with Clive Davis's record label, J Records. Lewis's success continued with the release of her debut album, "Spirit", in 2007; it was certified 10× platinum in the United Kingdom and became the fourth best-selling album of the 2000s. It is one of the best-selling albums in UK chart history. In the US, Lewis became the first UK solo artist to debut at number one with a debut album, with "Spirit". The lead single, "Bleeding Love", spent seven weeks at number one in the UK where it became the best-selling single of 2007. She achieved international recognition with the album in 2008 when it topped charts around the world. " Spirit" has sold more than eight million copies worldwide, and "Bleeding Love" peaked at number one in over 30 countries, including the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming the best-selling single of 2008. As a result, she was proclaimed Top New Artist by "Billboard" in 2008. Under the guidance of Cowell and Davis, Lewis released her second UK number-one album "Echo" and recorded the theme song for the film "Avatar" in 2009. She embarked on her first UK arena tour, The Labyrinth, in 2010. In 2011, Lewis released the non-album single "Collide", a collaboration with Swedish DJ Avicii, and her first extended play, . Her third album, "Glassheart", was released in 2012. It marked a new creative direction for Lewis, drawing inspiration from dubstep and electronic music. However, it failed to match the commercial performance of her two previous albums, peaking at number three in the UK and becoming her first to not be certified platinum. Lewis began to record material for her first Christmas album during her Glassheart Tour, which took place in mid 2013. " Christmas, with Love" was released later that year. Its lead single, "One More Sleep", peaked at number three in the UK. With this chart entry, Lewis became the first British female solo artist to reach the top five with eight singles, surpassing Olivia Newton-John's record of seven. In 2014, Lewis made her film debut in the supporting role of Elena in the romantic comedy musical, "Walking on Sunshine". Her fourth studio album, "I Am", was released the following year. In 2016, Lewis made her Broadway debut as Grizabella in the revival of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical "Cats". A year later, she signed a modelling contract with Wilhelmina Models. She then collaborated with Calum Scott on the single "You Are The Reason" (2018) which achieved worldwide chart success, and had a recurring role in the American television series "The Oath" (2019). As of 2015, Lewis is the second best-selling act from "The X Factor" franchise in the UK, behind One Direction, having sold over 30 million records worldwide. The OCC recognises Lewis as the most successful winner from the UK's "The X Factor". Lewis has won two MOBO Awards, an MTV Europe Music Award, and two World Music Awards. She is also a six-time Brit Award and three-time Grammy Award nominee. Lewis is known for her expansive four-octave vocal range, power, technical control and, in particular, her frequent use of the falsetto register. Aside from her musical career, Lewis is a philanthropist and an animal welfare campaigner for World Animal Protection and is a supporter of other animal rights charities and organisations; she is also vegan.

Lovely to See You
" Lovely to See You" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band the Moody Blues. It was written by the band's guitarist Justin Hayward, and was recorded and released in 1969 on the Moody Blues album" On the Threshold of a Dream". The song's popularity also led the Moody Blues to name one of their live albums after it. was recorded at a performance at the Greek Theater, and was released in 2005, with the song" Lovely to See You" as the lead track. The song was the first to be played at the launch of the Bournemouth( UK) radio station 2CR.

I See You (Theme from Avatar)
"I See You (Theme from "Avatar (also referred to as "I See You") is the official theme song recorded by British singer Leona Lewis for the 2009 film "Avatar", directed by James Cameron, and (2009). It was written by James Horner and Kuk Harrell, with production done by Simon Franglen. A pop inspired ballad, the lyrics, which reflect the story line of the film, are about love, emotion and power. The song received multiple comparisons to Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On", which is the official theme song written by Horner for another film directed by Cameron, "Titanic" (1997). Lewis has performed the song on " So You Think You Can Dance" and "Today", and it was included on the set list of her debut concert tour, The Labyrinth (2010). It peaked at number 47 on the Irish Singles Chart and number 24 on the US Adult Contemporary chart.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Kristin Amparo
Kristin Viktoria Amparo Sundberg( born 1 December 1983) is a Swedish singer. She attended Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm. She participated in season 1 of the Swedish" X Factor" in 2012, which was broadcast on TV4, where she made it to the judge's houses stage before being eliminated. Amparo participated in Melodifestivalen 2015 with the song" I See You" in the third semi-final. She made it to the" Second Chance" round but failed to make it to the Melodifestivalen final.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.