High School Musical: El Desafío
High School Musical: El Desafío(" The Challenge") is a spin- off of the American film" High School Musical" for the Argentine market, based on the book" Battle of the Bands". It began filming in February 2008 and it is the first Disney- branded feature film made in Latin America. The movie has a script created specifically for the cinema and an original plotline. Eight new songs have been produced exclusively for the movie. In addition to these songs, Alejandro Lerner also composed the main theme, which he performed, and which is played during the closing credits. The roles in the movie are played by the winners and finalists of the Argentine TV program: Agus, Fer, Delfi, Walter, Gastón, Vale, Sofi and Juanchi. It also has the special participation of Andrea del Boca, Adriana Salonia, Peter McFarlane and the debut in a film of Liz Solari. The movie arrived in Argentine theaters on July 17, 2008, reaching in its debut week second place in the national box- office charts.

Elementary School Musical
Elementary School Musical may refer to:

High School Musical: The Music in You
High School Musical: The Music in You is a documentary from Award-winning filmmaker Barbara Kopple as she follows students from Arlington Heights and Western Hills High School in Fort Worth, Texas as they prepare to put on their version of the Disney hit "High School Musical". The Summer Theatre show was directed by Ann Hunter and Julia Worthington. The production was attended by over 2800 people during its four-day run. The documentary premiered in October 2007.

Bonnie Story
Bonnie Story( born March 18, 1959) is an American choreographer best known for her work in" High School Musical High School Musical 2" and" High School Musical 3".

High School Musical: El Desafio Mexico
High School Musical: El Desafίo is a spin- off the film" High School Musical", it is the film version for Mexico, premiered on September 5, 2008 in Mexican cinema. The premiere was held on August 24, 2008 in Auditorio Nacional of Mexico City. The film stars the finalists of the program, with the special participation of the musical duo Jesse& Joy. As is filmed in Mexico, most of the soundtrack are of the genre Reggeton.

High School Musical (disambiguation)
High School Musical is a 2006 American television film and the first installment in the High School Musical trilogy. High School Musical may also refer to:

Sunday School Musical
Sunday School Musical is a musical film mockbuster directed by Rachel Lee Goldenberg and released direct- to- DVD on October 21, 2008. It is similar to Disney's" High School Musical" franchise, but the film takes a dramatically different approach in terms of storyline.

High School Musical: El Desafio Mexico
High School Musical: El Desafίo is a spin- off the film" High School Musical", it is the film version for Mexico, premiered on September 5, 2008 in Mexican cinema. The premiere was held on August 24, 2008 in Auditorio Nacional of Mexico City. The film stars the finalists of the program, with the special participation of the musical duo Jesse& Joy. As is filmed in Mexico, most of the soundtrack are of the genre Reggeton.

Northwestern
Northwestern or North- western or North western may refer to:

North of Arizona
North of Arizona is a 1935 American western film directed by Harry S. Webb and starring Jack Perrin, Blanche Mehaffey and Lane Chandler. It was a low- budget B film made by Reliable Pictures.