Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.

Oomana Thinkal
Oomana Thinkal is a 1983 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by Yatheendra Das and produced by Kora George. The film stars Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Venu Nagavally, Baby Anju and Babu Namboothiri in the lead roles. The film has musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan.

Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.

Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.

M. B. Sreenivasan
Manamadurai Balakrishnan Sreenivasan (19 September 1925 – 9 March 1988), or MBS, as he was called, was a South Indian music director who worked mainly in the Malayalam and Tamil film industries. He was born to an orthodox Tamil Brahmin family on 19 September 1925 in Chittoor, Andhra Pradesh. He had his schooling at P.S. High School, Chennai. During his college days at Madras Presidency College, he was attracted to communist ideals and joined the Madras Students Organisation. His acquaintance with Nemai Ghosh, a Bengali director, paved his entry into films. His first film song was written to the words of noted Tamil lyricist, Jayakanthan, for the Tamil film "Paadhai Theriyudhu Paar". He played a major part in the formation of Indian Peoples Theatre Association (IPTA). He formed the Madras Youth Choir in 1971, which sings Indian choral music, based at Chennai. You can contact the choir at "www.madrasyouthchoir.org". MYC sings choral compositions of MBS. They have released a twin cd "Pallupaduvome by Charsur" and propose to release a children's CD "Poo Vaenuma" that was composed by MBS. He had also acted in a Tamil movie, "Agraharathil Kazhutai". He was married to Zahida Kitchlew, a Kashmiri Muslim, who was the daughter of the freedom fighter Dr. Saifuddin Kitchlew. They had a son named Kabir. None of them are still alive. M. B. Sreenivasan died suddenly of a heart attack while conducting a choir in the Lakshadweep islands on 9 March 1988. His body was later taken to his homeland, and was cremated there. Zahida, his wife, outlived him for 14 years, dying on 23 October 2002. Kabir died on 4 April 2009.