Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Lorde
Ella Marija Lani Yelich-O'Connor (born 7 November 1996), known professionally as Lorde (pronounced "lord"), is a New Zealand singer and songwriter. Taking inspiration from aristocracy for her stage name, she is known for employing unconventional musical styles and thoughtful songwriting. Born in the Auckland suburb of Takapuna and raised in neighbouring Devonport, Lorde expressed interest in performing at local venues in her early teens. She signed with Universal Music Group in 2009 and collaborated with producer Joel Little in 2011 to start recording material. Universal Music commercially released the pair's first collaborative effort, an extended play (EP) titled "The Love Club", in 2013. The EP's international chart-topping single "Royals" helped Lorde rise to prominence. Her debut studio album "Pure Heroine" followed that year and achieved critical and commercial success. The following year, Lorde curated for the 2014 film  and recorded several tracks, including the single "Yellow Flicker Beat". Her second studio album "Melodrama" (2017) garnered widespread acclaim and debuted at number one in the United States. Lorde's music is primarily electropop and contains elements of subgenres such as dream pop and indie-electro. Her accolades include two Grammy Awards, two Brit Awards and a Golden Globe nomination. She appeared in "Time"s list of the most influential teenagers in 2013 and 2014, and the 2014 edition of "Forbes" 30 Under 30. In addition to her solo work, she has co-written songs for other artists, including Broods, Ariana Grande, and Bleachers. As of June 2017, Lorde has sold over five million albums worldwide.

Panda (Astro song)
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

Supercut (song)
"Supercut" is a song by New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde from her second album, "Melodrama" (2017). Lorde co-wrote the track with Jack Antonoff, both of whom also co-produced it with Joel Little, with additional production from Frank Dukes, Jean-Benoît Dunckel and Malay. " Supercut" is a synth-pop track that features elements of dance, electro house, electronica and new wave music, and interpolates the piano melody from her 2017 single, "Green Light". Its name, supercut, is a word coined by Andy Baio and is defined as a compilation of short video clips of the same type of action. Inspired by the heartbreak she felt after breaking up with her longtime boyfriend James Lowe, the lyrics are about Lorde reviewing her most joyful memories from a previous relationship and realizing the illusion is no longer present. Music critics praised the song, with many comparing Lorde's vocals to those of Swedish singer Robyn. " Supercut" was included in the official soundtrack of the video game "FIFA 18". Lorde performed the song at the German radio station 1Live, and it was one of six songs used as part of a re-imagined Vevo series at the Electric Lady Studios, where she recorded most of her album. "Supercut" was also part of the set list for the Melodrama World Tour (2017–2018).

Jim Bob
James Robert Morrison, known as Jim Bob, is a British musician and author. He was the singer of indie punk band Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.