Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

Bitch Slap
Bitch Slap is a 2009 action film directed by Rick Jacobson and stars Julia Voth, Erin Cummings, America Olivo and Michael Hurst, with cameos by Lucy Lawless, Kevin Sorbo, and Renee O'Connor.

Aami
Aami is a 2018 Indian Malayalam-language biographical film based on the life of famous author Kamala das. It is written and directed by Kamal and stars Manju Warrier as Kamala Surayya, along with Murali Gopy, Tovino Thomas, Anoop Menon and Anand Bal. The film was released on 9 February 2018.The film won two awards at Kerala state film awards.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Ronaldo (film)
Ronaldo is a 2015 British documentary film directed by Anthony Wonke. It follows the life and career of Portuguese professional footballer Cristiano Ronaldo. The film was released worldwide on 9 November 2015. A trailer for the film was released on 28 September 2015.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Battle in Outer Space
The film was released theatrically in the United States in the summer of 1960 by Columbia Pictures.

A Race for Life
A Race for Life is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman. Originally, the film was presumed to be lost. However, according to the Library of Congress Database, the film was found in the Netherlands. The film was released with a Vitaphone soundtrack with a synchronised musical score and sound effects.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.