Jason Moore (director): Jason Moore( born October 22, 1970) is an American director of film, theatre and television.

Hanro Smitsman: Hanro Smitsman, born in 1967 in Breda( Netherlands), is a writer and director of film and television.

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Ben Cura: Ben Cura( born 30 September 1988) is a British- Argentine actor and director of film, television and theatre.

Tom Shadyac: Thomas Peter Shadyac( born December 11, 1958) is an American director, screenwriter, producer, and author. Shadyac, was the youngest joke- writer ever for comedian Bob Hope, is widely known for writing and directing the comedies," The Nutty ProfessorLiar LiarPatch Adams", and" Bruce Almighty". In 2010, Shadyac departed from comedic work to write, direct, and narrate his documentary film" I Am", in which he explores his abandonment of a materialistic lifestyle following a bicycle accident three years earlier. Shadyac is a former professor of communication at Pepperdine University's Seaver College. In 2011 he was a participant in the Conference on World Affairs. In 2015, Shadyac began teaching film at the University of Colorado Boulder, beginning with that year's Spring semester, Shadyac now teaches film at the University of Memphis.

Brian Johnson (special effects artist): Brian Johnson( born 1939 or 1940) is a British designer and director of film and television special effects.

The Actors: The Actors is a 2003 film written and directed by Conor McPherson and starring Dylan Moran and Michael Caine. In supporting roles are Michael Gambon, Miranda Richardson and Lena Headey. " The Actors" is a contemporary comedy set in Dublin. It follows the exploits of two mediocre stage actors as they devise a plan to con a retired gangster out of £ 50,000. The gangster owes the money to a third party, whom he has never met. The actors take advantage of this fact by impersonating this' unidentified' third party, and claiming the debt as their own. To pull it off they enlist Moran's eerily intelligent nine- year- old niece, who restructures the plan each time something goes wrong. The two protagonists are acting in a version of Shakespeare's" Richard III" in which everyone dresses in Nazi uniform, a sly nod to Ian McKellen's production. The film is centred on the Olympia Theatre, and it is noteworthy for featuring the famous glass awning over the entrance which has since been destroyed in a traffic accident. The glass awning has since been rebuilt to its full former glory.

Liar Liar: Liar Liar is a 1997 American fantasy comedy film directed by Tom Shadyac, written by Paul Guay and Stephen Mazur and starring Jim Carrey, who was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Comedy. The film is the second of three collaborations between Carrey and Shadyac, the first being and the third being" Bruce Almighty". It is also the second of three collaborations between Guay and Mazur, the others being" The Little Rascals" and" Heartbreakers".

Conor McPherson: Conor McPherson( born 6 August 1971) is an Irish playwright, screenwriter and director of stage and film. In recognition of his contribution to world theatre, McPherson was awarded a doctorate of Literature, Honoris Causa, in June 2013 by the University College Dublin.

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.