Ghanashyam Khatiwada
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Jason Plumb
Jason Forrest Plumb is a Canadian singer- songwriter who resides in Regina, Saskatchewan and was the lead singer and front man of the Waltons. He currently performs as a solo singer- songwriter with a backing band called The Willing. Plumb is influenced by strong melodies of 1970s music such as those of Elton John and the Bee Gees. In 2003, Plumb released a solo album," Under and Over". Plumb's solo effort was produced by Barenaked Ladies frontman Ed Robertson, who also co-wrote the tracks" Satellite" and" Loved Inconsistently" with Plumb. On the album, Plumb was backed by Robertson's friends Ian LeFeuvre, Maury Lafoy and Peter von Althen, formerly of the band Starling. Plumb formed a backing band known as" The Willing" to tour promoting the record. He released his second album," Beauty in This World", on March 22, 2007. The Willing performed on the album, and the album was credited as by Jason Plumb and The Willing. Plumb was part of the lineup of performers on" Ships and Dip", a cruise headlined by Barenaked Ladies. The fan cruise took place on the Carnival Legend from January 15 to January 19, 2007. He also performed on the second Barenaked Ladies' cruise," Ships and Dip III", which was held the following year on the Carnival Victory from January 27 – February 1, 2008. Plumb was not on the subsequent" Ships and Dip V", but performed on" Ship and Dip 4" which sailed on the Norwegian Dawn from February 6- February 11, 2011. Plumb established Soccermom Records in 2007. The record label serves as a vehicle to release Plumb's recordings. Plumb recorded" Paint The Whole World Green" for the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 2007. The song is played at Roughrider home games. Plumb's third album, again billed with The Willing, was" Wide Open Music", was released in 2009. The album contained songs relating to Saskatchewan that spanned Plumb's career, including some from his time with The Waltons, including several songs that had been recorded for promotional use. Plumb and his band re-recorded most of the old songs live or in the studio for the album. Plumb has acted as producer for several artists including Colter Wall.

Kostas Arvanitis
Kostas Arvanitis is a Greek politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Coalition of the Radical Left.

Elton Mangoma
Elton Steers Mangoma is a Zimbabwean politician, and a former Minister of Economic Planning and Investment Promotion. Following the 2018 Zimbabwean General Election he is no longer a member of the House of Assembly. He currently serves as the president of the Coalition of Democrats.

Eleni Avlonitou
Eleni Avlonitou( born 22 October 1958, in Athens) is a former Greek swimming champion, ergophysiologist and politician of the Coalition of the Radical Left( Syriza). Since 2014, she has been a Member of the Hellenic Parliament.

The Coalition of the Willing (band)
The Coalition of the Willing is an instrumental jazz and rock "all-star" ensemble led by Bobby Previte. Live performances are improvisational emphasizing groove, experimental and cross-genres. The self-titled album was released 2006 (Ropeadope) and the tour began in early 2006. The West Coast touring band has remained active through July 2007. Album Musician Credits European Touring Band - Winter/Spring 2006 USA Touring Band - Fall 2006 USA Touring Band - Winter 2007

Alekos Alavanos
Alexandros' Alekos' Alavanos( born 22 May 1950 in Athens) is a Greek politician, former member of the Hellenic Parliament and the European Parliament. From 2004 until 2008 he was president of the Coalition of the Left of Movements and Ecology, commonly known as" Synaspismos". He was parliamentary leader of the wider Coalition of the Radical Left( SYRIZA).

Victoria Willing
Victoria C. Willing( born 1959) is a British actress, voice artist, playwright and writer, known for her work on" The Inbetweeners" and various Jim Henson Company productions. Willing was born in Marylebone, Central London to artist parents. She is the daughter of Dame Paula Rego and Victor Willing.

Bobby Previte
Bobby Previte (born July 16, 1951 in Niagara Falls, New York) is a drummer, composer, and bandleader. He earned a degree in Economics from the University at Buffalo, where he also studied percussion. He moved to New York City in 1979 and began professional relationships with John Zorn, Wayne Horvitz, and Elliott Sharp.

Hussain Nizam Shah I
Hussain Nizam Shah I( 1553–1565) was the preeminent ruler of the Ahmadnagar Sultanate and the leading figure of the coalition of the Deccan Sultanates during the Battle of Talikot.