Ivan Novoseltsev
Ivan Petrovich Novoseltsev( born January 23, 1979) is a Russian former professional ice hockey winger. He is the uncle of Vladislav Namestnikov.

Anabella Drummond
Anabella Drummond( c. 1350–1401) was the queen consort of Scotland by marriage to Robert III of Scotland.

Cuilén
Cuilén (also "Culén, Cuilean", anglicized Colin; died 971) was an early King of Alba (Scotland). He was a son of Illulb mac Custantín, King of Alba, after whom he is known by the patronymic mac Illuilb (also "mac Iduilbmac Ilduilb" etc.) of Clann Áeda meic Cináeda, a branch of the Alpínid dynasty. During the 10th century, the Alpínids rotated the kingship of Alba between two main dynastic branches. Dub mac Maíl Choluim, a member of a rival branch of the kindred, seems to have succeeded after Illulb's death in 962. Cuilén soon after challenged him but was defeated in 965. Dub was eventually expelled and slain in 966/967. Whether Cuilén was responsible for his death is uncertain. Following Dub's fall, Cuilén appears to have ruled as undisputed king from 966–971. Little is known of Cuilén's short reign other than his own death in 971. According to various sources, he and his brother, Eochaid, were slain by Britons. Some sources identify Cuilén's killer as Rhydderch ap Dyfnwal, a man whose daughter had been abducted and raped by the king. Rhydderch was evidently a man of eminent standing, and seems to have been a son of Dyfnwal ab Owain, King of Strathclyde, and could have possibly ruled the Cumbrian Kingdom of Strathclyde at the time of Cuilén's death. After Cuilén's assassination, the kingship of Alba may have been assumed by another member of Clann Áeda meic Cináeda, Cináed mac Maíl Choluim, a man who appears to have launched a retaliatory raid against the Cumbrians. There is evidence indicating that Cináed faced considerable opposition from Cuilén's brother, Amlaíb, a man who was accorded the title King of Alba in Irish sources recording his death at Cináed's hands in 977. Cuilén's son, Custantín, eventually succeeded Cináed as king. There is evidence to suggest that Cuilén had another son, Máel Coluim.

Gregoria
Gregoria( fl. 641) was the Byzantine empress as the wife of Constantine III. She participated in the minor regency government of her son, Constans II, in 641.

James Beaton
James Beaton( or Bethune)( 1473 – 1539) was a Roman Catholic Scottish church leader, the uncle of David Cardinal Beaton and the Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland.

Iustinianus
Iustinianus( died 407 AD) was a Roman military commander who supported the usurper Constantine III.

Walter Stewart (priest)
Walter Stewart was a 15th- century churchman in the Kingdom of Scotland. He was a cousin of King James II of Scotland, being like King James a grandson to King Robert III of Scotland.

Constantine III of Scotland
Constantine, son of Cuilén (Mediaeval Gaelic: "Causantín mac Cuiléin"; Modern Gaelic: "Còiseam mac Chailein"), known in most modern regnal lists as Constantine III, (born c. 970–997) was king of Scots from 995 to 997. He was the son of King Cuilén. John of Fordun calls him, in Latin, Constantinus Calvus, which translates to Constantine the Bald. Benjamin Hudson notes that insular authors from Ireland and Scotland typically identified rulers by sobriquets. Noting for example the similarly named "Eugenius Calvus" (Owen the Bald), an 11th-century King of Strathclyde.

Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini
Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini (1571 – April 7, 1627) was an Italian Cardinal. He was the uncle of Pope Gregory XIV.

Bradley Orr
Bradley James Orr( born 1 November 1982) is an English retired footballer. He is the uncle of Rangers defender Jon Flanagan.