Jedi Academy trilogy
The" Jedi Academy" trilogy is a trilogy of science fiction novels set in the" Star Wars" expanded universe. Written by Kevin J. Anderson, the plot takes place around seven years after the events of" Return of the Jedi", in 11 ABY. The series chronicles Luke Skywalker's early attempts to rebuild the Jedi Order after the defeat of the Emperor. Some of the events in the trilogy are retold from a different perspective in" I, Jedi" by Michael A. Stackpole.

Return of the Jedi (disambiguation)
Return of the Jedi is a film in the" Star Wars" saga. It may also refer to:

Admiral Ackbar
Fleet Admiral Gial Ackbar is a fictional character in the" Star Wars" franchise. A member of the amphibious Mon Calamari species, Ackbar was the foremost military commander of the Rebel Alliance, and led the attack against the second Death Star in" Return of the Jedi"( 1983), the final entry in the original" Star Wars" trilogy. Although his role in the film was brief, Ackbar became a prominent character in other" Star Wars" media, including novels, comic books, video games, and television shows, and later made appearances in the sequel trilogy films( 2015) and( 2017), and the television series. With his distinctive salmon- colored skin, webbed hands, high- domed head, and large fish- like eyes, Ackbar was realized in" Return of the Jedi" through the use of either a half- body puppet or full- body costume, depending on the camera angle required. In all three films he was portrayed by puppeteer Timothy D. Rose, who originally played other characters, but requested to also play Ackbar after seeing his sculpt on a display stand. Ackbar was voiced by Erik Bauersfeld, who made up the voice on the spot after looking at a photograph of Ackbar. Bauersfeld voiced the character in" Return of the Jedi" and" The Force Awakens", but died before the filming of" The Last Jedi", in which he was replaced by Tom Kane, who had voiced Ackbar in other works of" Star Wars" media. Ackbar was originally planned to be more conventionally humanoid, but after" Star Wars" creator George Lucas decided to make him an alien, he allowed" Return of the Jedi" director Richard Marquand to pick from various designs. Marquand picked a sketch by concept artist Nilo Rodis- Jamero, over the objections of other members of the film crew who thought the character looked too silly or ugly. Ackbar made his first appearance not in the film, but in a" Star Wars" newspaper comic strip that ran a few months before" Return of the Jedi" was released. Lucas was not entirely pleased with the final result of the character in the film and felt it was a compromise. Ackbar's first name, Gial, was not established until April 2012. Ackbar had just 14 lines of dialogue in" Return of the Jedi", and his total screen time across all three film appearances totaled only three minutes and 30 seconds. Nevertheless, he is considered a fan favorite among" Star Wars" characters, and was ranked No. 16 in a 1998 list of the" Top 20" Star Wars" Characters" in the magazine" Star Wars Insider". His line" It's a trap!" from" Return of the Jedi" became one of the most famous and beloved lines from the original" Star Wars" trilogy, as well as a popular Internet meme. Several fans expressed disappointment with Ackbar's sudden death in" The Last Jedi", calling it abrupt and unceremonious, a sentiment echoed by Ackbar actors Rose and Kane, as well as the film's editor Bob Ducsay.

Return of the Jedi
Return of the Jedi( also known as Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi is a 1983 American epic space- opera film directed by Richard Marquand. The screenplay is by Lawrence Kasdan and George Lucas from a story by Lucas, who was also the executive producer. It is the third installment in the original" Star Wars" trilogy, the third film to be produced, and sixth film in the" Skywalker saga". It takes place one year after" The Empire Strikes Back". The film stars Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew and Frank Oz. In the film, the Galactic Empire, under the direction of the ruthless Emperor, is constructing a second Death Star in order to crush the Rebel Alliance once and for all. Since the Emperor plans to personally oversee the final stages of its construction, the Rebel Fleet launches a full- scale attack on the Death Star in order to prevent its completion and kill the Emperor, effectively bringing an end to his hold over the galaxy. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker struggles to bring his father Darth Vader back to the light side of the Force. Steven Spielberg, David Lynch and David Cronenberg were considered to direct the project before Marquand signed on as director. The production team relied on Lucas' storyboards during pre-production. While writing the shooting script, Lucas, Kasdan, Marquand, and producer Howard Kazanjian spent two weeks in conference discussing ideas to construct it. Kazanjian's schedule pushed shooting to begin a few weeks early to allow Industrial Light& Magic more time to work on the film's effects in post-production. Filming took place in England, California, and Arizona from January to. Strict secrecy surrounded the production. The film was released in theaters on May 25, 1983, six years to the day of the release of the first film, receiving mostly positive reviews. It grossed$ 475 million worldwide, becoming the highest- grossing film of 1983. Several re-releases and revisions to the film have followed over the decades.

The Blue Express
The Blue Express or China Express is a 1929 Soviet silent drama film directed by Ilya Trauberg.

China Bound
China Bound is a 1929 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer. A rarely revived comedy due to some of its Asian racial content, a selected scene was shown in Robert Youngson's 1965" MGM's Big Parade of Comedy". Prints held at George Eastman House and Filmoteca Espanola( Madrid).

Jedi census phenomenon
The Jedi census phenomenon is a grassroots movement that was initiated in 2001 for residents of a number of English- speaking countries, urging them to record their religion as" Jedi" or" Jedi Knight"( after the quasi-religious order of Jedi Knights in the fictional" Star Wars" universe) on the national census.

Return of the Ewok
Return of the Ewok is an unreleased 1982 mockumentary short, written, produced and directed by David Tomblin, starring Warwick Davis as himself in a fictionalized account of how he got the role of Wicket W. Warrick in" Return of the Jedi".

Jedi (disambiguation)
Jedi are the fictional adherents of the warrior discipline in" Star Wars" films. Jedi or JEDI may also refer to:

Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Ewok Adventure
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Ewok Adventure, also known as Revenge of the Jedi: Game I, is a cancelled 1983 shoot' em up video game based on the 1983" Star Wars" film" Return of the Jedi". The game was developed by Atari Games and was to be published by Parker Brothers on the Atari 2600. Although it was completed, the game was never released for sale, as the marketing department of Parker Brothers considered the controls too difficult to master. A prototype cartridge surfaced in 1997.