John Korty
John Korty( born June 22, 1936) is an American film director and animator, best known for the television film" The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and the documentary" Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?", as well as the theatrical animated feature" Twice Upon a Time". He has won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature( for" Who Are the DeBolts?") and several other major awards. He is described by the film critic Leonard Maltin as" a principled filmmaker who has worked both outside and within the mainstream, attempting to find projects that support his humanistic beliefs".

Peter Whitbread
Peter Bruce Pauling Whitbread (25 October 1928 – 26 October 2004) was an English actor and screenwriter. He was born in Norfolk, England and educated at Gresham's School, Holt, Norfolk. He had a long career in the theatre, including several seasons with the New Shakespeare Company. In his later years he devised and performed one-man shows. Beyond acting, he worked as a director, playwright and screenwriter. He concentrated mostly on writing for the theatre, and in 1974 his drama "Mr Axelford’s Angel" won the Emmy Award for Best Television Play. He also wrote scripts for the television soap opera "Emmerdale Farm", and all the episodes of Southern Television children's series "The Flockton Flyer". He died after a road accident near his home at Briningham, near Melton Constable, Norfolk.

Gillian Blake
Gillian Blake (born 10 May 1949), Buckingham, England is a retired British actress who became well known in the early 1970s as Dora in "Follyfoot". Blake studied acting at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and began her professional career in the late 1960s. She appeared in the 1969 film, " Goodbye Mr. Chips. " She went on to perform additional roles on television. In 1971 she landed the lead role in a Yorkshire Television Production "Follyfoot", which ran for three series until 1973. Her last role of note was in two episodes of the "BBC2 Playhouse" series in 1980. Since then she has retired from acting, having spent some years concentrating on motherhood. She made a rare television appearance on "This is Your Life" in 1995, celebrating the career of Desmond Llewelyn (her co-star in "Follyfoot"). In the 1970s she married actor Peter Whitbread after meeting him on the set of "Follyfoot". They had a son Jake.

Donnie Elbert
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.

Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.

Yaya Soumahoro
Yaya Alfa Soumahoro (born 28 September 1989) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Having begun his career with Séwé Sports in his native country, he joined Thai club Muangthong United in 2008. His good performances earned him a move to K.A.A. Gent in 2010. He spent five and a half seasons with Gent but was plagued by recurring injuries throughout his time there. Following a half-season loan to Sint-Truidense V.V., he returned to Muangthong United where did not feature. In 2018, he joined Egyptian side Wadi Degla SC.

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.