Eveline de Haan
Eveline de Haan( born 21 February 1976) is a Dutch field hockey player who played for HC Klein Zwitserland and NMHC Nijmegen. De Haan was a member of the Holland squad that became World Champion at the 2006 Women's Hockey World Cup. She earned a total number of 30 caps for the national team. < br>

Catherine Isabella Osborne
Catherine Isabella Osborne( 30 June 1818 – 21 June 1880) was an Irish artist, writer and patron.

Annemiek de Haan
Annemiek de Haan( born 15 July 1981 in Haren, Groningen) is a rower from the Netherlands. De Haan started rowing in 1999 and made her international debut in the four at the 1999 Junior World Championships in Plovdiv. Together with Melina Bus, Anja Mourik and Mirthe Kamp she won the bronze medal. The following years De Haan was not that successful in rowing anymore, but she returned for the 2002 Under- 23 World Championships in Genoa in the double sculls with Sarah Siegelaar, here they became fifth. A year later in Belgrade she formed a fours boat with Kamp, Susan van Kuijeren and Mette Beugelsdijk to claim another fifth place at the World Championships. As of 2004 she started participating in the Rowing World Cup circuit on senior level and she rowed to a fourth position in the fours with Marlies Smulders, Froukje Wegman and Hurnet Dekkers. Later in the year she took part in the Dutch eights that got to the fourth place in the World Cup in Munich, they qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal there. The team existed of De Haan, Froukje Wegman, Marlies Smulders, Nienke Hommes, Hurnet Dekkers, Annemarieke van Rumpt, Sarah Siegelaar, Helen Tanger and cox Ester Workel. In 2005 it was time to start with the new Dutch eights project. The team existing of De Haan, Sanne Beukers, Nienke Hommes, Hurnet Dekkers, Annemarieke van Rumpt, Laura Posthuma, Femke Dekker, Helen Tanger and Ester Workel managed to row to the second spot at the World Cup meeting in Munich straight away. With Marlies Smulders instead of Hommes they reached the same spot in Luzern. Hommes returned to the team instead of Smulders for the World Championships, while Beukers was replaced by Nienke Dekkers. This team dropped down one place and won the bronze medal. In 2006 De Haan remained in the eights and they rowed to a fifth position at the World Championships in Eton. Together with Van Rumpt she also achieved a third place in the World Cup in Luzern. She returned to the eights in 2007 rowing to two third positions in the World Cup in Linz and Luzern as well as the first place in Amsterdam with Jacobine Veenhoven, Smulders, Hurnet Dekkers, Van Rumpt, Roline Repelaer van Driel, Sarah Siegelaar, Dekker and Workel. Then at the World Championships in Munich the team failed to achieve the A- final and had to be satisfied with the 7th position overall. In 2008 the team tried to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics and at the first World Cup in Munich Veenhoven was replaced by Nienke Dekkers while Hurnet Dekkers was replaced by Nienke Kingma; they finished in fourth position. Helen Tanger replaced Nienke Dekkers in the second meeting held in Luzern and another fourth position was achieved. This also meant the Olympic qualification was accomplished. At the 2008 Olympics, the Dutch team containing de Haan won the silver medal. After qualifying for the 2012 Summer Olympics, de Haan was in the Dutch boat that won the bronze medal.

Johan Eilerts de Haan
Johannes Gijsbert Willem Jacobus( Johan) Eilerts de Haan( born in Noordwolde, October 3, 1865- died in the interior of Suriname, August 29, 1910) was a Dutch explorer and soldier. Eilerts de Haan Nature Park in Suriname is named for him.

Foppe de Haan
Foppe Geert de Haan( born 26 June 1943) is a Dutch football coach. He is known for his long association with Frisian club SC Heerenveen. De Haan was the manager of the Tuvalu national football team during 2011 and then rejoined Heerenveen's youth programme. He is also a politician for the Partij van de Arbeid.

Jan de Haan
Jan de Haan( born July 29, 1951 in Warns, Friesland) is a contemporary Dutch composer, conductor and musician. Jan de Haan was born in the Frisian village of Warns, in the Netherlands, in 1951. His first inspiration came from his father, who was a great lover of wind music. At an early age, Jan de Haan was attracted to conducting. By the age of seventeen, he was already the conductor of several wind bands. From 1969 until 1973 he studied music education and trombone at the Pedagogical Academy of Music in Leeuwarden, and in 1976 he was awarded his conductor ’s certificate with Henk van Lijnschooten at the Conservatory in Utrecht. Until 1994, Jan de Haan was the conductor of the well- known Dutch brass band Soli Brass. As a guest conductor, he also worked with a number of professional and amateur wind bands and ensembles. In this capacity Jan has travelled extensively throughout Western Europe, and to the USA, Iran, and Japan. Famous bands like the Tokyo Kosei Wind Orchestra, the Desford Colliery Brass Band, the Brighouse and Rastrick Brass Band, all four Dutch military concert bands, the Frysk orkest( Frisian band), the Radio Blazersensemble( Radio Wind Ensemble) and the Dutch National Youth Fanfare Band have all been conducted by him. From 1978 until 1989, Jan de Haan also was conductor, composer and arranger for Dutch radio and television. As a programme maker he produced about 140 television music programmes. He also worked as a teacher at the Pedagogical Academy of Music in Leeuwarden for a number of years. Alongside his activities as a guest conductor, composer and international jury member, Jan de Haan was active at De Haske Publications. He founded this music publishing house in 1983, but sold his shares in the company 25 years later, in 2008, to be able to dedicate his time to composing, arranging and conducting.

Simone De Haan
Simone de Haan is an Australian trombonist. De Haan was born in Perth, Australia in 1953. He was a co-founder of Flederman, one of Australia's leading Australian contemporary music ensembles. About Flederman, Warren Burt has written" Also of note in this period are the early activities of Flederman, a group founded by Carl Vine and trombonist, composer and improviser Simone de Haan. The early Flederman events always had a very careful mix of avant- garde and experimental performance but they evolved into a mainstream avant- garde group until their disbanding in the late'80s."

Johannes Abraham Bierens de Haan
Johan( nes) Abraham Bierens de Haan( March 17, 1883 – June 13, 1958) was a Dutch biologist and ethologist. He was born in Haarlem, and died in Siena, Italy.

David Bierens de Haan
David Bierens de Haan( 3 May 1822, Amsterdam – 12 August 1895, Leiden) was a Dutch mathematician and historian of science.

Roger De Haan
Sir Roger Michael De Haan, CBE, DL( born October 1948, Northampton) is the son of the late Sidney De Haan, who created the Saga group of companies, best known for selling holidays to the over- 50s market. De Haan took over Saga in 1984 when his father retired, and then ran the company with his brother Peter for a further twenty years, launching Saga- branded radio stations to accompany the group's holidays and financial services. He chose to leave the business in 2004, selling the entire Saga Group( which included insurance and holiday businesses) to a management buyout for £ 1.35 billion, although he continued to run some of the radio stations himself. In that year he bought Folkestone Harbour for £ 11 million. The Roger De Haan Charitable Trust was established in 1978, offering charitable support to a variety of charities and community organisations, mostly in the area around Folkestone and south east Kent. In 2003/2004 he was awarded an honorary fellowship of Canterbury Christ Church University. De Haan was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire( CBE) in 2004 for services to business, education and charity in 2004 and was knighted in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to education and to charity in Kent and overseas. He regularly appears in the Sunday Times'' rich list'. Following the sale of Saga, he retained ownership of two digital radio stations, Prime Time Radio and Saga Radio( Digital), but following continuing heavy losses took the decision to close them in 2006. In April 2016, his net worth was estimated at £ 900 million, according to the" Sunday Times Rich List".