Polyvalente W.-A. Losier
Polyvalente W.- A. Losier is a Francophone high school in Tracadie- Sheila, New Brunswick, Canada.

Breda Academy
Breda Academy is a secondary school in Belfast, Northern Ireland, which opened in September 2015 after Newtownbreda High School and Knockbreda High School both joined together. Paul Perry is currently the acting principal of the school.

Gordon Bell High School
Gordon Bell High School is a public junior and senior high school in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It is located in the inner city of Winnipeg. The school is bordered by the trans- Canada highway on Broadway Street and Maryland Street.

Wyoming East High School
Wyoming East High School is a consolidated regional high school in New Richmond, West Virginia serving the eastern half of Wyoming County, West Virginia. It opened in 1998 and consolidated the former Pineville High School and Mullens High School, also taking in the former Herndon High School and about two- thirds of the attendance area of the former Glen Rogers High School, both of which had been closed several years earlier. It also celebrates the academic and athletic heritage of Conley High School, which was the county's segregated school and had closed in 1964.

L. D. Bell High School
Lawrence Dale Bell High School( generally known as L.D. Bell High School and also known as Hurst Bell) is an American high school located in the cities of Hurst and Bedford, Texas and part of the Hurst- Euless- Bedford Independent School District. The school is named for Lawrence Dale Bell, the founder of nearby Bell Helicopter Textron, and was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School for 1994- 96. L. D. Bell's marching band won the Bands of America Grand National Championship in 2007. The men's and women's gymnastics teams have won a combined total of 36 state championships since 1967.

Ottawa High School and Junior High School
The Ottawa High School and Junior High School, located at 526 and 506 S. Main St. respectively, are the historic former high school and junior high school in Ottawa, Kansas. The high school was built in 1917, while the junior high school was built from 1927 to 1928; an enclosed hallway connecting the two buildings was built with the junior high school. The high school was the first school in Ottawa to be built solely as a high school and the eighth school built in Ottawa. George P. Washburn& Son designed the high school in the Collegiate Gothic style. When the junior high school was constructed ten years later, the firm, by then known as Washburn& Stookey, designed the building in the same style as the high school. In 1966, a new high school was built for the upper three classes of students; the freshman class moved to the building in 1976, and the old high school and junior high school became a middle school. The two buildings were connected by a multi-purpose room in the same year. The middle school later vacated the building. The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 6, 2000.

Bell High School (Ottawa)
Bell High School is a high school located in the Bells Corners neighborhood of Ottawa, Ontario.

Bell County High School
Bell County High School is one of three public high schools in Bell County, Kentucky and the only one in the county's school district( the other two, Middlesboro and Pineville, are operated by city- based" independent" districts). The school, which accommodates grades 9 – 12, became the county district's only public high school in the 1980s when it absorbed Lone Jack High School. Locally referred to as BCHS, Bell High, or Bell County, the current building was built after the flood of 1977 and succeeds the former high school( now known as Old Bell County High School, or simply Old Bell High) which is located in a flood plain and was heavily flooded in'77. Today's campus sits on a hill above US 25E about 3 miles( 5 km) south of the county seat of Pineville.

Calloway County High School
Calloway County High School is a public high school located in Murray, Kentucky. The school was formed from the consolidation of six high schools from across the county: Hazel High School, Lynn Grove High School, Kirksey High School, Almo High School, New Concord High School, and Faxon High School.

Dover High School (Delaware)
Dover High School is a high school located in Dover, Delaware.