Tori Anthony
Tori Anthony is an American pole vaulter from Woodside, California and the holder of the national indoor and outdoor records for high school women at 14' 2- 1/2"( 4.33 m) and 14' 1"( 4.29 m) respectively. She was originally a gymnast, but burned out on the sport and switched to track and water polo due to diarrhea. Competing in her first track events as a sophomore, she placed fourth in the pole vault at the 2005 CIF California State Meet within four months of taking up the sport. Even before setting the outdoor record, she was named an" Athletes Only" indoor track athlete of the year for 2006- 07, and named" best high school girl pole vaulter in the country" by Sports Illustrated. She missed her high school graduation from Castilleja School to set the outdoor record on June 2, 2007. She competed for UCLA, achieving 13' 9" in their uniform to rank number in school history.

Tek (rapper)
El- Amin( born Tekomin Benjamin Williams; June 3, 1973), better known by his stage name Tek, is an American rapper, famous as a member of the duo Smif- N- Wessun, and the hip hop collective Boot Camp Clik.

Yaphett El-Amin
Yaphett El- Amin( born March 30, 1971) is an American politician who, until 2006, represented a portion of St. Louis in the Missouri House of Representatives. She is a Democrat. El- Amin is a native of St. Louis. She graduated from the University of Arkansas, Pine Bluff with a BA in political science and is pursuing a master's degree in public administration at Southern Illinois University, Edwardsville. El- Amin, who is African- American, entered politics in 1997, when she became Democratic Committeewoman for the 1st Ward. In 2002, she was a successful candidate for the Democratic nomination for State Representative in the 57th District. She was elected without opposition in the general election and was re-elected without opposition in 2004. In 2006, El- Amin was an unsuccessful candidate to replace Pat Dougherty in the Missouri State Senate. She finished second in a heavily contested Democratic primary election behind political science instructor Jeff Smith. Other candidates in the race were fellow state representative Amber Boykins, former State Representative Derio Gambaro, and former St. Louis Alderman Kenny Jones. Her husband Talibdan( TD) El- Amin won a contentious primary to become the Democratic party nominee to replace his wife in the Missouri House of Representatives. He was elected without opposition in the 2006 general election.

Khalil El-Yamani
Khalil El- Yamani( born 24 October 1943) is a Moroccan basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Khalil El-Amin
Khalil Hassan El- Amin( born December 22, 1985) is a former American football offensive lineman and defensive lineman.

Ahmed Khalil El-Giddawi
Ahmed Khalil El- Giddawi( born 1931) is an Egyptian gymnast. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1952 Summer Olympics.

Muhammad El-Amin
Muhammad El- Amin( born July 25, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Panionios of the Greek Basket League.

Khalil El-Maaoui
Khalil El- Maaoui( born September 12, 1988, Marsa, Tunis, Tunisia) is a Tunisian weightlifter. He qualified for the weightlifting event at the 2008 Summer Olympics( Men's 56 kg) and did not finish, and participated in the same event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but was also unable to finish.

Nikohl Boosheri
Nikohl Boosheri is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her role as Adena El- Amin on Freeform's" The Bold Type."

Theresa El-Amin
Theresa El- Amin is an African- American civil rights activist, union organizer and former member of the Green Party of the United States Steering Committee. El- Amin attended Tuskegee University and became an activist in 1966 with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. She began working in Tuskegee and Atlanta. In Atlanta, El- Amin worked for the phone company and was active in the Communications Workers of America( CWA). In the 1980s and 1990s, El- Amin was involved with the Coalition of Labor Union Women( CLUW), the Service Employees International Union( SEIU), Solidarity, and Black Workers for Justice( BWFJ). She organized clerical workers at the Cleveland Public Library. Later, she helped found the United States Labor Party in 1996. She worked with Jobs from Justice from 1993 to 2006 and with the Green Party of Rhode Island in the 1990s. In 1999, she became the founding director of the Southern Anti-Racism Network. On February 5, 2013, El- Amin announced that she had been arrested in Columbus, Georgia on unspecified charges. She continues to speak and organize around issues of racism, incarceration, the death penalty, and social justice.