Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.

Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Anup Bhandari
Anup Bhandari is an Indian software engineer, turned to film maker, film director, composer and lyricist who works primarily in Kannada cinema, now debut Kannada film director Anup Bhandari seems to have charted out his career graph well in advance. He was born in Mangaluru to director Sudhakar Bhandary and Rathna Bhandari, raised in Mysuru and has worked in the US, but hopes to settle down in Bengaluru. Anup holds an Engineering degree from Vidya Vikas Institute of Engineering & Technology (VVIET), Mysuru. His directorial début mystery thriller Kannada movie Rangitaranga has been critically acclaimed. Anup also wrote the lyrics and composed music for the movie. His other works include a short movie "Words" for which cinematography was done by Lance Kaplan. He is currently working on his next film with
Sudeep

Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.

Amedeo Escobar
Amedeo Escobar( 1888–1973) was an Italian composer of film scores.

Rajaratha
Rajaratha is is a 2018 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film written and directed by Anup Bhandari who also composed the film's music. It stars Nirup Bhandari and Avantika Shetty in the lead roles in their second collaboration with the director after the success of "RangiTaranga". The film was dubbed in Telugu as "Rajaratham" (English: "Royal Chariot") with Rana Daggubati replacing Puneeth Rajkumar as the narrator. Arya, who made his debut in Kannada cinema for the first time with the film, features in a supporting role alongside P. Ravishankar and Sruthi Hariharan. While the film score is composed by B. Ajaneesh Loknath, the soundtrack is composed by Anup Bhandari. The cinematography is by William David. The first look of the film was released in the social media by the team on 2 October 2017. The film was released on March 23, 2018

The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.