Sol Niger Within
Sol Niger Within is the first release by Fredrik Thordendal's Special Defects, a side project of Meshuggah guitarist Fredrik Thordendal. The album was originally released in 1997 on the Ultimate Audio Entertainment label. The album was remixed and re-released by Ultimate Audio Entertainment and Relapse Records in 1999 under the title" Sol Niger Within version 3.33". The re-release contains two bonus tracks but omits several parts of the original version. A number of other releases also exist. The album is a combination of complex jazz fusion elements influenced directly by guitarist Allan Holdsworth's unique guitar style and overall musical approach. The disc comprises one long song, which is indexed into 29 tracks. The length of each section ranges from around 20 seconds to 2 – 3 minutes. The album contains several references to the work of Meshuggah. The last track," Tathagata", is very similar in melody to the ending of the song" Sublevels" from" Destroy Erase Improve". The album features drums by Morgan Ågren and keyboards by Mats Öberg, members of the Swedish Mats/ Morgan Band.

A Town South of Bakersfield
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam. The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane. The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.

The Magic Place
The Magic Place is the debut album by ambient artist, Julianna Barwick. The album released on February 21, 2011 by Asthmatic Kitty Records.

1994–95 Orlando Magic season
The 1994–95 NBA season was the Magic's 6th season in the National Basketball Association. After building through the draft in previous years, the Magic made themselves even stronger by signing free agents Horace Grant and Brian Shaw. Grant gave the Magic one of the most dominant starting lineups in the NBA. Shaquille O' Neal continued to dominate the NBA with 29.3 points per game. The Magic easily won the Atlantic Division with a 57 – 25 record. They also finished with a 39 – 2 home record, tied for second best in NBA history. Second- year star Anfernee Hardaway was selected to play in the 1995 NBA All- Star Game along with O'Neal. In the first round of the playoffs, the Magic overwhelmed the Boston Celtics with a 124–77 victory in Game 1. The Magic would eliminate the Celtics at the Boston Garden to win the series 3 – 1. These matches would be the final 2 basketball games ever played at the Garden. In the second round, the Magic were matched up against the Chicago Bulls. The Bulls were on an emotional high as Michael Jordan had just returned from his baseball career to play basketball. Jordan was now wearing the number 45 for the Bulls. The Magic won the first game 94–91. Tensions rose when Nick Anderson indicated that Jordan was no longer the same player when Anderson was quoted by the media saying," Number 23, he could just blow right by you! Number 45, he revs up, but does n't really take off." The comment motivated Jordan to return to number 23 and the Bulls evened the series. In Game 5, the Magic won the game 103–95. The Magic would eliminate the Bulls in Game 6 as the Magic won 108 –102 to advance to the Conference Finals. In the Eastern Conference Finals, the Magic would beat the Indiana Pacers in a tough 7- game series that saw the home team win every game. The Magic were off to their first ever NBA Finals. The Magic faced off against the 6th- seeded and defending NBA Champion Houston Rockets. Shaq would be up against Hakeem Olajuwon in a battle of All- Star Centers. Game 1 was played in Orlando and the game was lost at the free throw line. Anderson missed four consecutive free throws with the Magic up by three at waning seconds of the game and the Rockets tied the game at the buzzer. The Rockets would then win Game 1 in overtime. The Magic would not recover from their Game 1 loss as the Rockets swept the series in 4 straight. For the season, the Magic had new blue pinstripe road uniforms, while the black pinstripe jerseys became their alternate. Both uniforms lasted until 1998. Orlando did not make another appearance in the NBA Finals until 2009.

Came Out of the Grave
Came Out of the Grave is an album by the band Balzac.

Dat Whoopty Woop
Dat Whoopty Woop is the debut album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly. The album came out on July 31, 2001.

A Town South of Bakersfield
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam. The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane. The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.

Marching for Liberty
Marching for Liberty is the third studio album by Hungarian heavy metal band Wisdom, released on September 27, 2013, through Noise Art Records. The album came out in Hungary one week later through Nail Records.

Join the Triumph
Join the Triumph marks the first album from Citizens& Saints. It is their second studio album after 2013's" Citizens" release with label mates BEC Recordings. The album came out on November 11, 2014.

Mulberry Violence
Mulberry Violence is the debut album by American experimental artist Trevor Powers. The album came out on August 17, 2018 ..