Obata Toramori
He was the father of Obata Masamori.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Miley Cyrus
Miley Ray Hemsworth (née Cyrus, born Destiny Hope Cyrus; November 23, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and philanthropist. Her music has spanned a range of styles, including pop, country pop, and hip hop. Cyrus' personal life, public image, and performances have often sparked controversy and received widespread media coverage. She is widely considered to be one of the most successful entertainers in adulthood that originated as a child star. Among numerous awards and nominations, Cyrus was included on the "Time" 100 list in both 2008 and 2014, named MTV's Artist of the Year in 2013, and was ranked 62nd on "Billboard"s Top 125 Artists of All Time list in 2019. Cyrus was born in Franklin, Tennessee, and is a daughter of country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus. She became a teen idol as the title character of the Disney Channel television series "Hannah Montana" (2006–2011), through which media franchise she attained two number-one and three top-ten soundtracks on the US "Billboard" 200, and the top-ten single "He Could Be the One" on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. Cyrus' own discography includes the US number-one albums  (2007), "Breakout" (2008), and "Bangerz" (2013); the top-five releases "Can't Be Tamed" (2010), "Younger Now" (2017), and "She Is Coming" (2019); and "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz" (2015), which was released for free online streaming on SoundCloud. Her singles include the US top ten-charting "See You Again7 ThingsThe ClimbParty in the U.S.A.Can't Be TamedWe Can't StopMalibu", and the chart-topping "Wrecking Ball". Her upcoming seventh studio album, " She Is Miley Cyrus", is expected to be released in 2020. In total, Cyrus has sold more than 20 million albums and 55 million singles worldwide. Cyrus' filmography includes the animated film "Bolt" (2008), and the feature films  (2009) and "The Last Song" (2010). On television, she was the host of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards and has hosted " Saturday Night Live" three times since 2011. Cyrus has been featured as a coach on the singing competition television series "The Voice"; she has appeared in two seasons of the show since her debut in 2016. In 2019, she became the first female to enter the "Billboard" charts under three different names with her entry as the character Ashley O, whom she portrayed in an episode of the science fiction television series "Black Mirror". Cyrus is an outspoken animal rights advocate, and adopted a vegan lifestyle in 2014. That year, she founded the non-profit Happy Hippie Foundation, which focuses on youth homelessness and the LGBT community.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Yasuichi Oshima
He is the father of manga artist Towa Oshima.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Lighter (Miley Cyrus song)
"Lighter" is a song by American singer Miley Cyrus for her fifth studio album "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz" (2015). It was premiered through SoundCloud on August 30, 2015 with the parent record, and was supplemented with an accompanying music video on November 21, 2015. The song was written by Cyrus, and was produced by Mike Will Made It and A+. Cyrus performed the track during her Milky Milky Milk Tour in November and December. " Lighter" is the fifteenth track on "Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz".

Cleomenes II
Cleomenes II( died 309 BC) was Agiad King of Sparta from 369 to 309 BC. The son of Cleombrotus I, he succeeded his brother Agesipolis II. He was the father of Acrotatus I, the father of Areus I, and of Cleonymus, the father of Leonidas II.

Lars Eliasson
He is the father of the later Member of Parliament Anna Eliasson.