Richard A. Gleeson: Richard A. Gleeson, S.J. was appointed 13th president of Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, California, USA,( 1905 – 10) after the presidency of Robert E. Kenna.

Michael Engh: Michael Eric Engh( born December 14, 1949) is an American Jesuit priest, academic and historian. He served as the 28th President of Santa Clara University in Santa Clara, California from January 5, 2009 to June 30, 2019.

Stephen Roberts (director): Stephen Roberts( 23 November 1895 – 17 July 1936) was an American film director. He directed 105 films between 1923 and 1936. He was born in Summersville, West Virginia, and died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack.

The Star of Santa Clara: The Star of Santa Clara is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Vico Torriani, Gerlinde Locker and Ruth Stephan. It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art director Paul Markwitz.

Kathy Watanabe: Kathy Watanabe is the Council Member for District 1 of the City of Santa Clara. She was appointed to the council on March 7, 2016 by a vote of 4- 2 by the then current council members, then won the city council election in November 2016 with 48% of the vote to keep her seat. There has been some criticism that the Santa Clara city council remains all white, however she is also the only councilmember representing the Northside of the city. Kathy serves on the Downtown Revitalization Plan, Audit, Bicycle Pedestrian Advisory, Facilities Naming and Honorary Recognition Ad Hoc, Police Activities League( PAL) and Santa Clara Sister Cities Association committees. As part of her council duties, Kathy serves on the following committees: Caltrain Modernization Local Policymaker Group( Cal Mod or LPMG) Cities Association of Santa Clara County- Board of Directors( Alternate), Cities Association of Santa Clara County- City Selection Committee( Alternate), Cities Association of Santa Clara County- Legislative Action Committee( Alternate), City/ School Liaison Committee( Santa Clara Unified School District)( Alternate), Grand Boulevard Task Force/ El Camino Real, Human Trafficking Commission, Joint Recycled Water Policy Advisory Committee( Alternate), Recycling and Waste Reduction Commission of Santa Clara County( RWRC), San Jose/ Santa Clara Treatment Plant Advisory Committee( TPAC), Santa Clara County Expressway Plan 2040 Policy Advisory Board( PAB), Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority( SCVTA) Policy Advisory Committee( PAC) and the Santa Clara Valley Water Commission( SCVW)( Alternate). On December 19, 2017, the Council unanimously voted for Kathy to serve as Vice Mayor for the City of Santa Clara for 2018.

Jacqueline M. Arroyo: Jacqueline Marie Arroyo is an American judge. She is Judge of the Superior Court of Santa Clara County, California. She replaced retired judge Charles Cory on the Santa Clara Superior Court in May 2008 after being appointed by then Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. She is married to Molly O'Neal, Public Defender of Santa Clara County, and that they have two children.

Kathy Watanabe: Kathy Watanabe is the Council Member for District 1 of the City of Santa Clara. She was appointed to the council on March 7, 2016 by a vote of 4- 2 by the then current council members, then won the city council election in November 2016 with 48% of the vote to keep her seat. There has been some criticism that the Santa Clara city council remains all white, however she is also the only councilmember representing the Northside of the city. Kathy serves on the Downtown Revitalization Plan, Audit, Bicycle Pedestrian Advisory, Facilities Naming and Honorary Recognition Ad Hoc, Police Activities League( PAL) and Santa Clara Sister Cities Association committees. As part of her council duties, Kathy serves on the following committees: Caltrain Modernization Local Policymaker Group( Cal Mod or LPMG) Cities Association of Santa Clara County- Board of Directors( Alternate), Cities Association of Santa Clara County- City Selection Committee( Alternate), Cities Association of Santa Clara County- Legislative Action Committee( Alternate), City/ School Liaison Committee( Santa Clara Unified School District)( Alternate), Grand Boulevard Task Force/ El Camino Real, Human Trafficking Commission, Joint Recycled Water Policy Advisory Committee( Alternate), Recycling and Waste Reduction Commission of Santa Clara County( RWRC), San Jose/ Santa Clara Treatment Plant Advisory Committee( TPAC), Santa Clara County Expressway Plan 2040 Policy Advisory Board( PAB), Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority( SCVTA) Policy Advisory Committee( PAC) and the Santa Clara Valley Water Commission( SCVW)( Alternate). On December 19, 2017, the Council unanimously voted for Kathy to serve as Vice Mayor for the City of Santa Clara for 2018.

The Ex-Mrs. Bradford: The Ex- Mrs. Bradford is a 1936 American comedy- mystery film. William Powell and Jean Arthur star as a divorced couple who investigate a murder at a racetrack. This was the last film directed by Stephen Roberts before his untimely death from a heart attack.

Star of India: The Star of India may refer to:

Werner Jacobs: Werner Jacobs (1909–1999) was a German film director. . He was born in Berlin on the 24 April, 1990. He is best known for his contributions to Modebummel (1951), Der Stern von Santa Clara (1958) and André und Ursula (1955). .