Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Walter H. Lowrie
Walter Hoge Lowrie( March 3, 1807 – November 14, 1876) was a Pennsylvania jurist. He was born in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, son of Matthew Lowrie, and nephew of Senator Walter Lowrie. After serving in the Pittsburgh Bureau of Fire until 1842, he became a lawyer, serving as a district judge in Pennsylvania from 1846 to 1851. An 1826 graduate of the Western University of Pennsylvania, now known as the University of Pittsburgh, he was also served as the first professor of law at the university from 1843 to 1851. He was elected justice of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, serving from 1851 to 1857, and promoted to chief justice of the court, serving from 1857 to 1863. His bid for reelection in 1863 was unsuccessful; he lost his seat to Daniel Agnew by over 12,000 votes. He died in Meadville, Pennsylvania, 1876. Burial location unknown.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Daniel Agnew
Daniel Agnew was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania from 1873 to 1879. Agnew was born at Trenton, New Jersey on January 5, 1809, and was of Irish/Welsh heritage. His father was a Princeton-educated doctor; his mother was part of the Howell family that was prominent in New Jersey affairs of that era. The family moved to Pittsburgh, when Agnew was about four years old. Agnew grew up there, attended the Western University of Pennsylvania (now the University of Pittsburgh), and then studied law with two experienced attorneys. He was admitted to the bar in 1829, at age 20 and began practicing law. He soon relocated his legal practice about 35 miles north, to the town of Beaver, Pennsylvania, the county seat of Beaver County. He became an expert on land titles, an important topic in western Pennsylvania at that time. In his retirement he used this expertise to write a book on the subject, published in 1887 and entitled: " A History of the Region of Pennsylvania North of the Ohio and West of the Allegheny River, of the Indian Purchases, and the Running of the Southern, Northern and Western Boundaries". In 1831, he married Elizabeth Moore, daughter of Robert Moore, a prominent citizen and politician in Beaver. In 1836, he was chosen as a delegate to the Constitutional Convention of Pennsylvania. In 1851, he was appointed to fill a vacancy as President Judge of a four-county district. Within a few months, he was elected to a full ten-year term for that position; in 1861, he was elected to a second ten-year term. In 1863, he attracted statewide attention for a speech that he gave with the title "Our National Constitution: Its Adaptation to a State of War or Insurrection". Subsequently, he was nominated in 1864 to run for a seat as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Running on a Republican ticket that also included the popular Republican governor Andrew Curtin, Agnew defeated the incumbent, then-Chief Justice Walter H. Lowrie. In 1873, he became the Chief Justice. His service on the Court included writing the opinion in the case of "Commonwealth v. Drum", which is often cited as the foundation authority on the legal definition of murder in Pennsylvania. At the conclusion of his term in 1879, Agnew retired to his home in Beaver and from that point handled only a very few select legal matters. He occupied his time by writing a number of pamphlets devoted to the history of the Beaver area. His health began to decline around 1899 and he died on March 9, 1902. He was survived by two sons and two daughters. He was predeceased by his wife and possibly a daughter. Agnew was in the Whig Party until the Republican Party was being organized in the late 1850s. He assisted in that party's organization and was thereafter known as a Republican. He attended the Methodist Episcopal church. He received honorary Doctor of Laws degrees from Washington College (1864) and Dickinson College (1880), both in Pennsylvania.

Laura M. Hawley Thurston
Laura M. Hawley Thurston( pen name, Viola; December 20, 1812 – July 21, 1842) was an American poet and educator. A prolific writer, most of her works were originally published in the" Louisville Journal", and in William D. Gallagher's" Hesperian". Among Indiana's early poets, she was a contemporary of Amanda L. Ruter Dufour, while among Kentucky poets, she was a friend of Amelia B. Welby.

Amanda Ruter Dufour
Amanda Ruter Dufour (February 26, 1822 – May 29, 1899) was a 19th-century American poet. A good many of her productions were of a devotional character and included mingled piety and charity, traits she probably inherited from her father. Many of her fugitive pieces were published by the "Louisville Journal", the "Odd Fellows' Ark", at Columbus, Ohio, and other periodicals.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.