Loving You (Elvis Presley song)
" Loving You" is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and performed by Elvis Presley featuring The Jordanaires. It reached# 15 on the U.S. country chart,# 20 on the U.S. pop chart, and# 24 on the UK Singles Chart in 1957. It was featured on his 1957 album" Loving You". It was featured in Presley's 1957 movie" Loving You". The single's A-side,"( Let Me Be Your) Teddy Bear" reached# 1 on the U.S. pop, country, and R&B charts and# 3 on the UK Singles Chart in 1957.

Mother's Children Have a Hard Time
" Mother's Children Have a Hard Time", also known as" Motherless Children", is a gospel blues song recorded by Blind Willie Johnson in 1927. It is a solo performance, with Johnson singing and playing an acoustic slide guitar. The song was later popularized with recordings by artists such as Bob Dylan, Dave Van Ronk, Steve Miller, Eric Clapton, Rosanne Cash, and Lucinda Williams. Johnson recorded the song during his first session for Columbia in Dallas, Texas, on December 3, 1927. The lyrics are autobiographical, since Johnson's mother died when he was young. His father remarried soon after her death, and later, the stepmother allegedly threw a caustic solution, which blinded the boy:" Motherless children have a hard time, mother's dead, Well do n't have anywhere to go, Wandering' round from door to door". Blues researcher Samuel Charters describes Johnson's slide guitar playing as having" a nuance and delicacy that extended and clarified the emotion of his singing", which is supported by his rhythmic fingerpicked bass line. Columbia issued the song on a 78 rpm record with the title" Mother's Children Have a Hard Time". Charters notes that this was based on a misinterpretation of Johnson's lyrics and the correct title is" Motherless Children Have a Hard Time".

Di You
Di You( born 26 November 1983) is a retired Chinese football midfielder.

Julian Austin (musician)
Julian Austin (born August 24, 1963 in Sussex, New Brunswick) is a Canadian country music singer. He has released more than fifteen singles in Canada, including the Number One hit "Little Ol' Kisses" (1997). In addition, Austin has recorded five studio albums.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Hard Time Loving You
"Hard Time Loving You" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released in 1998 as the fifth single from his debut album, "What My Heart Already Knows". It peaked at number 13 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in October 1998.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Han Tae-you
Han Tae- you( born March 31, 1981) is a South Korean football player who since 2004 has played for FC Seoul.

Lee Young-you
Lee Young- you( born April 11, 1977 in Seoul, South Korea) is a female creator of Korean manhwa. Several of her series have been translated into English and released in the United States.