Aleksander Koniecpolski (1555–1609)
Aleksander Koniecpolski( 1555–1609) was a voivode( palatine) of Sieradz, a staunch supporter of king Sigismund III Vasa of the House of Vasa. He was the son of Stanisław Przedbór Koniecpolski and Elżbieta Ligzianka( relative of hetman Jan Tarnowski). His wife was Anna Sroczycka, daughter of Stanisław Sroczycki, voivode of Kamieniec. This marriage brought into the Koniecpolscy family large estates at Podolia. He had six children:

Stanisław Koniecpolski
Stanisław Koniecpolski (1591 – 11 March 1646) was a Polish military commander, regarded as one of the most talented and capable in the history of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. He was also a magnate, a royal official ("starosta"), a castellan, a member of the Polish nobility ("szlachta"), and the "voivode" (governor) of Sandomierz from 1625 until his death. He led many successful military campaigns against rebelling Cossacks and invading Tatars. From 1618 he held the rank of Field Crown Hetman before becoming the Grand Crown Hetman, the military commander second only to the King, in 1632. Koniecpolski's life was one of almost constant warfare. Before he had reached the age of 20, he had fought in the Dymitriads and the Moldavian Magnate Wars. Later, in 1620, he took part in the Battle of Cecora, during which he was captured by Ottoman forces. After his release in 1623, he defeated the Ottomans' Tatar vassals several times between 1624 and 1626. With inferior numbers, during the Polish–Swedish War (1626–29), Koniecpolski stopped the Swedish forces of Gustavus Adolphus from conquering Prussia and Pomerania before the war was concluded with the Truce of Altmark. In 1634, he defeated a major Turkish invasion at Kamianets-Podilskyi (Kamieniec Podolski), in modern Ukraine, while in 1644, his victory against the Tatars at the Battle of Ochmatów brought him international fame and recognition.

Michał Przysiężny
Michał Przysiężny( born 16 February 1984) is a Polish professional tennis player. He reached the semifinals of St. Petersburg in 2013, achieving a career- high singles ranking of World No. 57 in January 2014. His current coach is Aleksander Charpantidis.

Eleni Gabre-Madhin
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX). She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).

Baglan Mailybayev
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan. His nationality is Kazakh. He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).

Aleksander Koniecpolski (1620–1659)
Prince Aleksander Koniecpolski (1620–1659) was a Polish nobleman. He became the Grand Standard-Bearer of the Crown in 1641, the Palatine of Sandomierz Voivodeship in 1656, and the Starost of Perejasław, Korsun, Płoskirow and Dolina. He was the son of the famous hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski. During the Chmielnicki Uprising, he was elected as one of the regimentarz of Pospolite ruszenie and took part in the losing battle of Pyliavtsi in 1648.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Roberto Savio
Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance. He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini. Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome. He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.

Nayelly Hernández
Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player. She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships. Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour. Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player. She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.

Khalid al-Habib
Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan. In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack. al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.