Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Ingrith Johnson Deyrup-Olsen
Ingrith Johnson Deyrup-Olsen (1919 – July 25, 2004) was an American zoologist, an expert on slugs, and a science professor interested in improving science education.

Pierre Sonnerat
Pierre Sonnerat( 18 August 1748 – 31 March 1814) was a French naturalist, colonial administrator, writer and explorer. He described numerous species of plants and animals on his travels and is honoured in the genus" Sonneratia" and in other specific names such as that of the grey junglefowl" Gallus sonneratii."

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Heyran Khanim
Heyran Khanim was an Azerbaijani poet who lived in the first half of the 19th century.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.