Don't Let Me Down (Beatles song)
" Do n't Let Me Down" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, recorded in 1969 during the" Let It Be" sessions. It was written by John Lennon and credited to Lennon – McCartney. The band recorded the song with Billy Preston; the single release with" Get Back" was credited to" the Beatles with Billy Preston."

Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know
" Do n't Let Me Be the Last to Know" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her second studio album," Oops !... I Did It Again"( 2000). It was released on January 15, 2001, by Jive Records as the fourth and final single from the album. After meeting with producer Robert John" Mutt" Lange in Switzerland, Spears recorded several songs for the album, including" Do n't Let Me Be the Last to Know", which she considered one of her favorites on the album. Additional lyrics were written by guitar player Keith Scott and country pop singer Shania Twain. The teen pop ballad speaks of a woman wanting to hear her boyfriend say that he loves her, and is sonically similar to David Bowie and Iggy Pop's song" China Girl"( 1983). " Do n't Let Me Be the Last to Know" received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who considered it a good break from the album's genre and praised Spears' vocals, comparing them to those of Twain and Stevie Wonder. The song attained moderate commercial success, reaching number one in Romania, and peaking inside the top ten in Austria, Europe and Switzerland, while reaching top twenty positions in many European countries. " Do n't Let Me Be the Last to Know" was only released for mainstream radio in the United States; therefore, it failed to chart on any major music chart in the country. An accompanying music video, directed by Herb Ritts, portrays Spears in love scenes with her on- screen boyfriend, played by French model Brice Durand. The singer's real- life boyfriend at the time Justin Timberlake, however, was said to be annoyed at the kissing scenes, while Spears' mother, Lynne, objected to the explicit sexuality of the original cut of the video. Parts of the video were edited before its release to the public on March 2, 2001. As part of promotion for the song, Spears performed it at" TRLSaturday Night Live", and" The View". It has also been included on four of her concert tours. " Do n't Let Me Be the Last to Know" was nominated at Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards in the category of" Best Song" in 2002. Spears has named" Do n't Let Me Be the Last to Know" one of her favorite songs from her career.

Toby Down
Toby Philip Down( born 3 June 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club Tai Po.

Don't Let Me Wait Too Long
" Do n't Let Me Wait Too Long" is a song by English rock musician George Harrison, released on his 1973 album" Living in the Material World". It was scheduled to be issued as a single in September that year, as the follow- up to" Give Me Love( Give Me Peace on Earth)", but the release was cancelled. Music critics have traditionally viewed" Do n't Let Me Wait Too Long" as a highlight of the" Material World" album, praising its pop qualities and production, with some considering the song worthy of hit status. Harrison wrote and recorded" Do n't Let Me Wait Too Long" during a period marked by his heightened devotion to Hindu spirituality, which coincided with marital problems with his first wife, Pattie Boyd, and the financial complications affecting his Bangladesh aid project. The track is an upbeat love song in the tradition of early 1960s Brill Building songwriters. Its lyrics have invited debate among commentators as to whether Harrison is addressing a lover such as Boyd or, like the majority of his lyrics on" Material World", God. Although produced by Harrison alone, the recording employs aspects of the Wall of Sound production synonymous with his former collaborator Phil Spector – through the use of reverb, two drummers and multiple acoustic rhythm guitar parts. The musicians accompanying Harrison on the track are Gary Wright, Nicky Hopkins, Ringo Starr, Klaus Voormann and Jim Keltner. In November 1976, during the filming of their joint appearance on" Saturday Night Live", Harrison performed" Do n't Let Me Wait Too Long" with singer Paul Simon, but the song did not appear in the broadcast.

Please Don't Let Me Love You
" Please Do n't Let Me Love You" is a song by country singer Hank Williams. It was written by Ralph Jones.

Love Don't Let Me Go
" Love Do n't Let Me Go" is a song performed by French DJ David Guetta, featuring vocals from singer and long- time collaborator Chris Willis. The track was released as the second single from his debut studio album," Just a Little More Love", although served as the album's lead single in the United Kingdom. The main remix of the song," Love Do n't Let Me Go( Walking Away)", was also released as single in 2006.

Leona Lewis
Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British singer, songwriter, actress, model and activist. She was born and raised in the London Borough of Islington in London, where she attended the BRIT School for Performing Arts and Technology. Lewis achieved national recognition when she won the third series of "The X Factor" in 2006, winning a £1 million recording contract with Simon Cowell's record label, Syco Music. Her winner's single, a cover of Kelly Clarkson's "A Moment Like This", peaked at number one for four weeks on the UK Singles Chart and broke a world record for reaching 50,000 digital downloads within 30 minutes. In February 2007, Lewis signed a five-album contract in the United States with Clive Davis's record label, J Records. Lewis's success continued with the release of her debut album, "Spirit", in 2007; it was certified 10× platinum in the United Kingdom and became the fourth best-selling album of the 2000s. It is one of the best-selling albums in UK chart history. In the US, Lewis became the first UK solo artist to debut at number one with a debut album, with "Spirit". The lead single, "Bleeding Love", spent seven weeks at number one in the UK where it became the best-selling single of 2007. She achieved international recognition with the album in 2008 when it topped charts around the world. " Spirit" has sold more than eight million copies worldwide, and "Bleeding Love" peaked at number one in over 30 countries, including the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming the best-selling single of 2008. As a result, she was proclaimed Top New Artist by "Billboard" in 2008. Under the guidance of Cowell and Davis, Lewis released her second UK number-one album "Echo" and recorded the theme song for the film "Avatar" in 2009. She embarked on her first UK arena tour, The Labyrinth, in 2010. In 2011, Lewis released the non-album single "Collide", a collaboration with Swedish DJ Avicii, and her first extended play, . Her third album, "Glassheart", was released in 2012. It marked a new creative direction for Lewis, drawing inspiration from dubstep and electronic music. However, it failed to match the commercial performance of her two previous albums, peaking at number three in the UK and becoming her first to not be certified platinum. Lewis began to record material for her first Christmas album during her Glassheart Tour, which took place in mid 2013. " Christmas, with Love" was released later that year. Its lead single, "One More Sleep", peaked at number three in the UK. With this chart entry, Lewis became the first British female solo artist to reach the top five with eight singles, surpassing Olivia Newton-John's record of seven. In 2014, Lewis made her film debut in the supporting role of Elena in the romantic comedy musical, "Walking on Sunshine". Her fourth studio album, "I Am", was released the following year. In 2016, Lewis made her Broadway debut as Grizabella in the revival of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical "Cats". A year later, she signed a modelling contract with Wilhelmina Models. She then collaborated with Calum Scott on the single "You Are The Reason" (2018) which achieved worldwide chart success, and had a recurring role in the American television series "The Oath" (2019). As of 2015, Lewis is the second best-selling act from "The X Factor" franchise in the UK, behind One Direction, having sold over 30 million records worldwide. The OCC recognises Lewis as the most successful winner from the UK's "The X Factor". Lewis has won two MOBO Awards, an MTV Europe Music Award, and two World Music Awards. She is also a six-time Brit Award and three-time Grammy Award nominee. Lewis is known for her expansive four-octave vocal range, power, technical control and, in particular, her frequent use of the falsetto register. Aside from her musical career, Lewis is a philanthropist and an animal welfare campaigner for World Animal Protection and is a supporter of other animal rights charities and organisations; she is also vegan.

Don't Let Me Down (Leona Lewis song)
"Don't Let Me Down" is a song recorded by British singer-songwriter Leona Lewis for her second studio album "Echo" (2009). Lewis co-wrote the song with Mike Elizondo, James Fauntleroy, Justin Timberlake and Robin Tadross. It was produced by The Y's and co-produced by Elizondo. Lewis and Timberlake carried out the vocal production. Having wanted to work with Timberlake for a long time, the collaboration came to be after he had asked Lewis to perform at a charity concert he was holding in Las Vegas in October 2008. It was reported that they were going to cover Dolly Parton's song " I Will Always Love You" as a duet, however they worked together on new songs for "Echo" instead, and "Don't Let Me Down" was created. Lewis revealed that her cover of "Run" inspired Timberlake. Lyrically, the song is about making difficult decisions in life and trying to take control of situations. The song garnered a mixed response from music critics. While Lewis' vocal performance relieved unanimous praise, some felt that the track lacked any soul or emotion. Its production received comparisons to Timberlake's songs " Cry Me a River" and "What Goes Around... Comes Around". Lewis has performed the song at Rock in Rio and it was included on her debut concert tour, The Labyrinth, and later on the accompanying DVD release, .

Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood
" Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood" is a song written by Bennie Benjamin, Horace Ott and Sol Marcus for the singer and pianist Nina Simone, who first recorded it in 1964. " Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood" has been covered by many artists, most notably by The Animals, whose blues rock version of the song became a transatlantic hit in 1965. A 1977 four- on- the- floor disco rearrangement by disco group Santa Esmeralda was also a hit.

Alisen Down
Alisen Down( born January 3, 1976) is a Canadian film and television actress.