The Last Castle
The Last Castle is a 2001 American action drama film directed by Rod Lurie, starring Robert Redford, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo and Delroy Lindo. The film portrays a struggle between inmates and the warden of a military prison, based on the United States Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth. A highly decorated U.S. Army Lieutenant General, court martialed and sentenced for insubordination, challenges the prison commandant, a colonel, over his treatment of the prisoners. After mobilizing the inmates, the former general leads an uprising aiming to seize control of the prison. The film was released in the United States on October 19, 2001. It received mixed reviews from critics and was a box- office bomb, grossing just$ 27 million against its$ 72 million budget.

One and Five
One and Five is a 1969 short film from Egypt.

Oka Oorilo
Oka Oorilo( modalaina premakatha) is a 2005 Telugu love film directed by Ramesh Varma and starring Tarun, Saloni and Raja. The film's soundtrack is by Devi Sri Prasad.

Sporting Love
Sporting Love is a musical written by Stanley Lupino with music by Billy Mayerl, lyrics by Desmond Carter and Frank Eyton. Produced by Lupino, it opened at the Gaiety Theatre, London on March 31, 1934 and ran for 302 performances, closing on January 26 the following year. In 1936 it was adapted as a film" Sporting Love" starring Lupino, featuring some of the original stage cast.

Bombay Dreams (film)
Bombay Dreams is a Swedish comedy film from 2004.

Sporting Love (film)
Sporting Love is a 1936 British musical comedy film directed by J. Elder Wills and starring Stanley Lupino, Laddie Cliff and Lu Ann Meredith. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios. It was based on the musical" Sporting Love" which Stanley Lupino had written and starred in. Lupino had broken with British International Pictures to make a couple of independent films, but after this he returned to BIP.

Cayuco (film)
Cayuco is a Spanish documentary film from 2007.

California Winter
California Winter is an American drama film from 2012.

Shima (film)
Shima is a 2007 film from Uzbekistan.

A Kind of America
A Kind of America is a Hungarian comedy film from 2002.