John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Chantilly Lace (film)
Chantilly Lace is a 1993 American made-for-television drama film shot in Sundance, Utah, for the Showtime Network and eventually released on video via Columbia TriStar Home Entertainment. The film was directed by Linda Yellen and features dialogue that was largely improvised by its ensemble cast.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Linda Yellen
Linda Yellen is an American director, producer and writer of film and television. As a producer some of her credits are "Playing for Time" (1980), "The Royal Romance of Charles and Diana" (1982) and "Second Serve" (1986). Some of her credits as a director include "Northern Lights" (1997), "The Simian Line" (2001),  (2011) and "The Last Film Festival" (2011) which stars Dennis Hopper in his final acting role. Check out information at https://www.facebook.com/TLFFMOVIE "BLUSH" (2014) The untold story of a love triangle between Greta Garbo, Marlene Dietrich and Mercedes De Acosta She is the producer/writer of "Skinny and Cat" (2014) Linda's projects have received 2 Peabodys, 7 Emmys, including a Primetime Emmy Award as a producer for "Playing for Time" in 1981, 1 Silver Nymph and 2 Christophers. She is an alumna of Barnard College and Columbia University. Linda's films have been shown at Cannes, Sundance , New York, Hamptons, Monte Carlo, Aspen, Banff, Palm Springs, Nashville, Santa Fe International, and Deauville Film Festivals. Additionally, Linda's projects have been nominated for a Golden Globe and a Writers Guild Award.