Million Dollar Listing Miami
Million Dollar Listing Miami was an American reality television series that premiered June 25, 2014, on Bravo. It features three Miami- based real estate agents – Chad Carroll, Chris Leavitt, and Samantha DeBianchi – as they balance their personal and professional lives. Announced in October 2013," Million Dollar Listing Miami" is the second spin- off of" Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles", following" Million Dollar Listing New York". The show ran for one season. There was no official cancellation.

William Crawley
William Crawley is a Belfast- born BBC journalist and broadcaster. He is the presenter of" Talkback", a daily radio phone- in show on BBC Radio Ulster, and he is a presenter of" Sunday" on BBC Radio 4. He has also made several television series for BBC Northern Ireland.

Million Dollar Mile
Million Dollar Mile is an obstacle course competition television series that premiered on March 27, 2019, on CBS. Former NFL quarterback Tim Tebow serves as the main host, with Matt "Money" Smith and Maria Taylor as co-hosts, and NBA superstar LeBron James as an executive producer. The object of the game is to run through a obstacle course through Los Angeles's Westlake District and Downtown near the Los Angeles Center Studios, while avoiding various obstacles along the course, including a group of elite athletes whose goal was to stop them from winning the prize money "à laAmerican Gladiators", which could total up to $1 million if the entire course was completed successfully. After just two episodes with low ratings CBS moved the show from its Wednesday slot to Saturday nights, beginning May 4, 2019. That two-week run did no better compared to the ratings of CBS's usual "Crimetime Saturday" rerun block, and it was again pulled, with six episodes still unaired. CBS later scheduled the end of the burn-off of the series starting July 6, 2019, with the remaining episodes airing weekly. Repeats have aired on CBS Sports Network.

Mike Sherman (TV presenter)
Mike Sherman is the presenter of" On the Mike with Mike Sherman" that aired from 2006 to 2011. Prior to that, he presented" The Mike Sherman Show". Today, he is the presenter of" Before the Fame", a celebrity- based weekly television show from Miami, Florida that showcases well- known celebrities before they were famous. Mike received a Film, Recording and Entertainment Council( FREC) award in 2010 for Best TV Host in South Florida.

Andy Muirhead
Andrew Robert" Andy" Muirhead( born 1975) is an Australian former radio and television presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He was the presenter of ABC Radio's breakfast program in Tasmania and also the presenter of the" Collectors" television program from 2005 to 2010. In 2012, he pleaded guilty to accessing child pornography and served four months of a five- month jail sentence.

George Alagiah
George Maxwell Alagiah( born 22 November 1955) is a British newsreader, journalist and television news presenter. Since 3 December 2007, he has been the presenter of the" BBC News at Six" and has also been the main presenter of" GMT" on BBC World News since its launch on 1 February 2010. He is also the main relief presenter for the" BBC Ten O'Clock News" and has held this role since its launch in 2000, making him the longest serving presenter of the flagship news programme.

Lerato Mbele
Lerato Mbele- Roberts is a South African journalist and broadcaster working for the BBC. Mbele is the presenter of “ Talking Business Africa ” and was the presenter of the long running “ Africa Business Report" on BBC World News. She used to be one of the main presenters of" Newsday" on the.

Spencer Kelly
Spencer Kelly is the presenter of the BBC's technology programme" Click", broadcast on the BBC World News and the BBC News Channel in the United Kingdom.

Tim Tebow
Timothy Richard Tebow (born August 14, 1987) is an American professional baseball player, former professional football quarterback, and broadcaster. He played college football for the University of Florida, winning the Heisman Trophy in 2007 and appearing on BCS National Championship-winning teams during the 2006 and 2008 seasons. In the National Football League, Tebow played for the Denver Broncos and the New York Jets. He is a minor league outfielder in the New York Mets organization. Tebow is known for his outspoken Christian faith as well as his athletic prowess; his practice of genuflecting in prayer on the football field has become known as "Tebowing". Tebow became the Florida Gators' starting quarterback during the 2007 season, when he became the first college sophomore to win the Heisman Trophy. In 2008, Tebow led Florida to a 13–1 record and its second national championship in three years, and was named the offensive MVP of the national championship game. The Gators again went 13–1 in 2009, his senior year. At the conclusion of his college career, he held the Southeastern Conference's all-time records in both career passing efficiency and total rushing touchdowns, appearing second and tenth (respectively) in the NCAA record book in these categories. As a member of the Denver Broncos, Tebow started the last three games of his rookie season (2010) and became the team's full-time starting quarterback beginning in the sixth game of the 2011 season. The Broncos were 1–4 before he became their starter, but began winning with him on the field, often coming from behind late in the fourth quarter. With Tebow as the starter, the Broncos won their first AFC West title and also won their first playoff game since 2005, defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers in overtime on January 8, 2012. During the 2012 offseason, the Broncos traded Tebow to the New York Jets. He received little playing time and was released after the 2012 season. Tebow later signed with the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles, but did not play in any games for either team. On August 10, 2016, Tebow's agents announced that he would pursue a career in professional baseball. He signed a minor league contract with the New York Mets on September 8, 2016 and has played in the minor leagues for the Mets organization since then. Tebow is primarily a left fielder and a designated hitter.

David Whiteley
David Whiteley( born 4 May 1977 in Essex, UK) is the presenter of the BBC TV documentary programme" Inside Out- East".