Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Mark Burnett
Mark Burnett (born 17 July 1960) is a British television producer who is the current Chairman of MGM Worldwide Television Group. Burnett-produced TV series have been nominated for a total of 143 Emmys. He has personally won twelve Emmy Awards, five Producers Guild of America Awards, seven Critics' Choice Television Awards, and six People's Choice Awards. As of late 2018, Burnett is the executive producer of six network television shows, as well as several cable series. Under Burnett's leadership, MGM has expanded its cable TV business through the acquisitions of Evolution Media (e.g., "BotchedReal Housewives of Beverly HillsReal Housewives of Orange County") and Big Fish Entertainment ("Live PDBlack Ink Crew"). Burnett additionally produced the faith-based series "The Bible" and "A.D. The Bible Continues", as well as the feature films "Son of GodLittle BoyWoodlawn", and "Ben-Hur".

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Jessica Goldberg
Jessica Goldberg( born 1975) is an American playwright, screenwriter and television writer. She is the creator of the Hulu series" The Path".

Expedition Impossible (TV series)
Expedition Impossible is a 2011 American reality television series. The series follows thirteen teams of three competitors as they "solve problems while racing across deserts, over mountains and through rivers" across the nation of Morocco. The first team to cross the finish line after completing the ten stages of the competition was to receive US$150,000. In addition, each team member won a new Ford Explorer. Created by producer Mark Burnett and hosted by wildlife expert Dave Salmoni, the series premiered on ABC on June 23, 2011, to mild critical response. The show was canceled following its first and only season.

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Elizabeth Harrin
Elizabeth Harrin is the creator of" A Girl ’s Guide to Project Management", which she started in 2006.

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.