Bermudo Núñez
Bermudo Núñez (died c. 955), was a magnate from León and the first Count of Cea. He appears for the first time in 921 confirming a donation to the Monastery of San Benito in Sahagún from which it can be assumed that he was probably born near the end of the 9th-century. A loyal vassal of the Leonese monarchs, he confirmed several royal charters and appears with the title of Count from at least the year 950, governing as a "tenente" the Cea region from 939 onwards. He probably played a relevant role in the Battle of Simancas and after this victory of the Leonese troops, collaborated with his brother, Oveco Núñez, Bishop of León in the "repoblación" of Salamanca.

Giuseppe Bonizzoni
Giuseppe Bonizzoni( 22 April 1908 – 21 July 1976) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a defender. He was the uncle of former footballer and manager Luigi Bonizzoni.

Hysen Hoxha
Hysen Efendi Hoxha( 1861–1934) was an Albanian politician, mayor of Gjirokastër, and the uncle of Enver Hoxha.

Ivan Novoseltsev
Ivan Petrovich Novoseltsev( born January 23, 1979) is a Russian former professional ice hockey winger. He is the uncle of Vladislav Namestnikov.

John Montgomery Glover
John Montgomery Glover( September 4, 1822 – November 15, 1891) was a North American politician, who served as a U.S. Representative from Missouri, he was the uncle of John Milton Glover.

Christopher H. Clark
Christopher Henderson Clark (1767 – November 21, 1828) was a congressman and lawyer from Virginia. He was the brother of James Clark, the uncle of John Bullock Clark, Sr. and the great-uncle of John Bullock Clark, Jr..

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini
Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini (1571 – April 7, 1627) was an Italian Cardinal. He was the uncle of Pope Gregory XIV.

Fernando Bermúdez de Cea
Fernando Bermúdez (died c. 978), the second Count of Cea, was the son of Bermudo Núñez and his wife Argilo. As the father of a queen of Navarre, and therefore, ancestor of many royal houses, Fernando was a distinguished member of the highest ranks of the nobility of the Kingdom of León.

Bradley Orr
Bradley James Orr( born 1 November 1982) is an English retired footballer. He is the uncle of Rangers defender Jon Flanagan.