Go and Get It
Go and Get It is a 1920 American silent comedy- drama mystery film directed by Marshall Neilan and Henry Roberts Symonds and written by Marion Fairfax. The film stars Pat O' Malley, Wesley Barry, Noah Beery Sr. and Agnes Ayres. The cinematographer was David Kesson. The film was released on July 18, 1920 by First National Exhibitors' Circuit. Actor Bull Montana( a former professional wrestler) played Ferry, the Ape Creature, in the film. He later went on to play the ape-man in the 1925 Willis H. O'Brien classic" The Lost World", which was also written by Marion Fairfax and starred Noah Beery's actor brother Wallace Beery.

Tarzan's Fight for Life
Tarzan's Fight for Life is a 1958 Metrocolor action adventure film featuring Edgar Rice Burroughs' famous jungle hero Tarzan and starring Gordon Scott, Eve Brent, Rickie Sorensen, Jil Jarmyn, and Cheeta the chimpanzee. The film was directed by H. Bruce Humberstone. The picture was the second Tarzan film released in color, and the last to portray the ape man speaking broken English until" Tarzan, the Ape Man"( 1981). The filming locations were in Africa and Hollywood, California.

Tarzan the Ape Man (1932 film)
Tarzan the Ape Man is a 1932 pre-Code American action adventure film released by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer featuring Edgar Rice Burroughs' famous jungle hero Tarzan and starring Johnny Weissmuller, Neil Hamilton, C. Aubrey Smith and Maureen O'Sullivan. It was Weissmuller's first of 12" Tarzan" films. O'Sullivan played Jane in six features between 1932 and 1942. The film is loosely based on Burroughs' novel" Tarzan of the Apes" from approximately two decades earlier, with the dialogue written by Ivor Novello. The film was directed by W. S. Van Dyke. Metro- Goldwyn-Mayer released two remakes of" Tarzan, the Ape Man" in 1959 and in 1981, but each was a different adaptation of Rice Burroughs' novel.

Tanya's Island
Tanya's Island is a 1980 Canadian- American fantasy film directed by Alfred Sole. It stars Denise" Vanity" Matthews( credited as “ D.D. Winters ”) as a young woman caught up in a love triangle with her aggressive boyfriend and a wild ape-man on an imaginary tropical island. The ape- suit was created by Rick Baker and Rob Bottin, with special effects contributions from Steve Johnson.

Duel of Champions
Duel of Champions( Italian: Orazi e Curiazi) is a 1961 film about the Roman legend of the Horatii, triplet brothers from Rome who fought a duel against the Curiatii, triplet brothers from Alba Longa in order to determine the outcome of a war between their two nations. This film was directed by Ferdinando Baldi and Terence Young. The screenplay was written by Ennio De Concini, Carlo Lizzani, Giuliano Montaldo and Luciano Vincenzoni. It was shot at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome.

Tarzan Escapes
Tarzan Escapes is a 1936 Tarzan film based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It was the third in the Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer" Tarzan" series to feature Johnny Weissmuller as the" King of the Apes". Previous films were" Tarzan the Ape Man"( 1932) and" Tarzan and His Mate"( 1934), with Jane's bikini- like attire and the famous skinny- dipping sequence. Weissmuller and O'Sullivan starred together in three more Tarzan films," Tarzan Finds a Son!"( 1939)," Tarzan's Secret Treasure"( 1941) and" Tarzan's New York Adventure"( 1942).

The Monster and the Ape
The Monster and the Ape was the 26th serial released by Columbia Pictures and was released in 1945.

Return of the Ape Man
Return of the Ape Man is a 1944 American film distributed by Monogram Pictures. It was directed by Philip Rosen with top- billed star Bela Lugosi and supporting actors John Carradine, George Zucco, Frank Moran, Judith Gibson and Michael Ames.

Tarzan, the Ape Man (1959 film)
Tarzan, the Ape Man is a 1959 Technicolor action adventure film released by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer starring Denny Miller as Tarzan, Joanna Barnes as Jane, Cesare Danova, and Robert Douglas. The film is loosely based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' novel" Tarzan of the Apes", and is a remake of the classic 1932 film of the same name. The film was directed by Joseph M. Newman, and the score was composed by jazz musician Shorty Rogers. MGM would release another" remake" of the film in 1981. MGM reused a fair amount of footage from their 1932 version rather than reshooting, including scenes of Tarzan swinging on vines and the elephants' destruction of a pygmy village. A scene of Tarzan fighting a crocodile was reused from" Tarzan and His Mate", the sequel to the 1932 film. Other footage was reused from" King Solomon's Mines". Tarzan's distinctive call was also taken from the original version. The" African" elephants in some scenes are clearly Indian ones with some sort of canvas" ears" added, and with the characteristic double humps on the forehead all too obvious. The" jungle" vegetation, from three different continents, an extremely phoney looking rubber mask used for close ups of a roaring leopard and the clumsy back- projection in the" underwater" scenes make it a treat for lovers of the ludicrous.

The Ape Man
The Ape Man is a 1943 horror- science fiction film directed by William Beaudine and starring Bela Lugosi. The film follows the tale of a part human part ape. An in- title- only sequel" Return of the Ape Man" followed in 1944 and starred Lugosi, John Carradine and George Zucco.