Dhurba Kumar Shahi
Dhurba Kumar Shahi is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Surkhet- 1, Province No. 6. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Dev Prasad Timilsena
Dev Prasad Timilsena is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Rautahat- 4, Province No. 2. He is the member of Nepali Congress.

Ian Cooke (folk musician)
Ian Cooke is a musician from Denver, Colorado, United States, born in Adelaide, South Australia. His band includes Sean Merrell (drums, vocals), Whit Sibley (bass, vocals) and Ian O'Dougherty (producer, guitar, piano). Cooke has collaborated with many Denver area musicians: Isaac Slade of The Fray, Paper Bird, Laura Goldhamer, The Gamits, Andy Thomas, Esme Patterson, Julie Davis and Joseph Pope III from Nathaniel Rateliff's band, and others. Cooke has shared the stage with artists such as Crooked Fingers, Flaming Lips, Dresden Dolls, Rasputina, Blonde Redhead, Paper Bird, Devotchka, Wovenhand, Shenandoah Davis, The Lumineers and The Head & The Heart, among others

Devendra Paudel
Devendra Paudel is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Baglung- 2, Province No. 3. He is the member of Nepal Communist Party.

Anna Kohlweis
Squalloscope( born Anna Kohlweis, Klagenfurt, Austria June 30, 1984) is an Austrian singer- songwriter and artist, also known as Paper Bird from 2006 to 2011.

Dipak Prakash Bhatta
Dipak Prakash Bhatta is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Kanchanpur- 3, Province No. 7. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Sarah Anderson
Sarah L. Anderson (born September 7, 1972) is an American politician and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, she represented District 44A, which included a large section of Plymouth in western Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.

Esmé Patterson
Esmé Patterson is an American musician from Denver, Colorado, who formerly was a member of the indie folk band Paper Bird.

Ghanashyam Khatiwada
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Paper Bird
Paper Bird was a six-piece indie folk band based in Denver, Colorado. The band was composed of Carleigh Aikins (vocals), brother and sister Mark (drums) and Sarah Anderson (vocals, cornet, trumpet), Paul DeHaven (guitar), and Caleb Summeril (bass, banjo, guitar, harmonica).