The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Promise at Dawn
Promise at Dawn is a 1970 American drama film directed by Jules Dassin and starring Melina Mercouri, Dassin's wife. It is based on the 1960 novel" Promise at Dawn" by Romain Gary and the subsequent play by Samuel A. Taylor.

Tomorrow at Dawn
Tomorrow at Dawn is a 2009 French drama film directed by Denis Dercourt. It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.

Eager Bodies
Eager Bodies is a 2003 French drama film directed by Xavier Giannoli.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

We Dive at Dawn
We Dive at Dawn is a 1943 war film directed by Anthony Asquith and starring John Mills and Eric Portman as Royal Navy submariners in the Second World War. It was written by Val Valentine and J. B. Williams with uncredited assistance from Frank Launder. It was produced by Edward Black. The film's sets were designed by Walter Murton.

Pistols at Dawn
Pistols at Dawn may refer to:

HMS Al Rawdah (1911)
HMS" Al Rawdah" was a ship of the Royal Navy. She was built in 1911 and originally christened" Chenab" for the Nourse Line of London. In 1930 the ship was sold to Khedivial Mail Steamship& Graving Dock and renamed" Ville De Beyrouth". In 1939 the ship was sold again and renamed" Al Rawdah". In 1940 the British Ministry of Shipping requisitioned the vessel and she was managed by the British- India Steam Navigation Company Ltd. In 1946" Al Rawdah" was returned to her owners, and scrapped in 1953. She was later broken up at Inverkeithing. Can be seen in final scenes of film We Dive at Dawn.

Murder at Dawn
Murder at Dawn is a 1932 American Pre-Code film directed by Richard Thorpe. The film is also known as The Death Ray in the United Kingdom.