The Loves of Hercules
The Loves of Hercules is a 1960 international co-production film starring Jayne Mansfield and her then husband Mickey Hargitay. The film was distributed internationally as" Hercules vs. the Hydra".

Los amores de una viuda
Los amores de una viuda(" The Loves of a Widow") is a 1949 Mexican film. It was written by Luis Alcoriza.

Nikolai Toporkoff
Nikolai Toporkoff( 1885–1965) was a Russian- born French cinematographer. Toporkoff fled his homeland following the 1917 Russian Revolution, moving to France where he shot around seventy films including the 1927 historical" The Loves of Casanova".

The Loves of Kafka
Los Amores de Kafka (English language:The Loves of Kafta) is a 1988 Argentine romantic biographical film directed by Beda Docampo Feijóo and written by Juan Bautista Stagnaro. Starring Cecilia Roth.

The Loves of Robert Burns
The Loves of Robert Burns is a 1930 British historical musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Joseph Hislop, Dorothy Seacombe and Eve Gray. It depicts the life of the Scottish poet Robert Burns.

The Loves of Madame Dubarry
I Give My Heart (US-Title: The Loves of Madame Dubarry) is a 1935 British historical film adapted from the stage operetta "The DuBarry" by Carl Millöcker and arranged by Theo Mackeben. Directed by Marcel Varnel, and produced by British International Pictures (BIP). It is based on the life of Madame Du Barry.

Marcel Varnel
Marcel Varnel (16 October 1892 – 13 July 1947) was a film director. He was born Marcel Hyacinthe le Bozec in Paris, France. Varnel started his working life on the Paris stage, soon becoming a director of musical comedies. In 1925 he moved to New York City working as director in several Broadway operettas, musicals and dramas for the Shubert family. This was followed by a move to Hollywood where he directed three low budget thrillers. In 1934, he moved to England and it was as director of British comedies initially working at British International Pictures , Elstree then in 1936 moving to Gainsborough Pictures where he produced his best films. Among the performers he worked with were Will Hay, The Crazy Gang, Arthur Askey and George Formby. He died in a car crash near Rake, West Sussex.

The Loves of Carmen (1948 film)
The Loves of Carmen is a 1948 American Technicolor romantic drama film directed by Charles Vidor. The film stars Rita Hayworth as the gypsy Carmen and Glenn Ford as her doomed lover Don José. " The Loves of Carmen" was publicized as a dramatic adaptation of the novella" Carmen" by Prosper Mérimée and is otherwise unrelated to Georges Bizet's opera" Carmen". It is a remake of the 1927 film of the same name, which was directed by Raoul Walsh and stars Dolores del Río and Victor McLaglen.

The Loves of Salammbo
The Loves of Salammbo is a 1960 historical drama directed by Sergio Grieco. It is loosely based on the novel" Salammbô" by Gustave Flaubert.

The Loves of Rocambole
The Loves of Rocambole( French: Les amours de Rocambole) is a 1924 French silent film directed by Charles Maudru and starring Maurice Thorèze, Claude Mérelle and Albert Decoeur.