The Ides of March (1961 film)
The Ides of March is a 1961 Australian television play.

Killer's Romance
Killer's Romance is a 1990 Hong Kong action film written, produced and directed by Phillip Ko, who also co-stars in a supporting role in the film. The film is a loose adaptation of the Japanese manga, "Crying Freeman", and stars Simon Yam as the titular protagonist.

Ribhu Dasgupta
Ribhu Dasgupta is an Indian film and television director. He made his directorial debut with 2011 film" Michael".

Mwansa the Great
Mwansa the Great is a 2011 film.

George Clooney
George Timothy Clooney( born May 6, 1961) is an American actor, director, producer and filmmaker. He is the recipient of three Golden Globe Awards and two Academy Awards, one for acting in" Syriana"( 2006) and the other for co-producing" Argo"( 2012). In 2018, he was the recipient of the AFI Lifetime Achievement Award. Clooney made his acting debut on television in 1978, and later gained wide recognition in his role as Dr. Doug Ross on the medical drama" ER" from 1994 to 1999, for which he received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations. While working on" ER", he began attracting a variety of leading roles in films, with his breakthrough role in" From Dusk till Dawn"( 1996), and the crime comedy" Out of Sight"( 1998), in which he first worked with director Steven Soderbergh, who would become a long- time collaborator. In 1999, he took the lead role in" Three Kings", a well- received war satire set during the Gulf War. In 2001, Clooney's fame widened with the release of his biggest commercial success, the heist comedy remake" Ocean's Eleven", the first of what became a trilogy, starring Clooney. He made his directorial debut a year later with the biographical spy comedy" Confessions of a Dangerous Mind", and has since directed the historical drama" Good Night, and Good Luck"( 2005), the sports comedy" Leatherheads"( 2008), the political drama" The Ides of March"( 2011), and the war film" The Monuments Men"( 2014). Clooney won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the Middle East thriller" Syriana"( 2005), and subsequently earned Best Actor nominations for the legal thriller" Michael Clayton"( 2007) and the comedy- dramas" Up in the Air"( 2009) and" The Descendants"( 2011). In 2013, he received the Academy Award for Best Picture for producing the political thriller" Argo". He has been nominated for Oscars in six different categories, a record he shares with Walt Disney. In 2009, Clooney was included in" Time" annual Time 100 as one of the" Most Influential People in the World". He is also noted for his political and economic activism, and has served as one of the United Nations Messengers of Peace since January 31, 2008. Clooney is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He is married to human rights lawyer Amal Clooney.

Matt Corboy
Matt Corboy( born June 4, 1973) is an American actor. He has appeared in both films and television series.

Zebennus
Zebennus was a third- century bishop and Christian Martyr from Palaestina Prima( Modern Israel). Little is known about his early life, career or episcopacy in Eleutheropolis, however, he is credited that during his episcopacy he had a dream revealing the burial place of Micah and Habbakuk. He was martyred, executed on the Ides of November, with two others, Germanus and Antoninus a presbyter.

The Ides of March (2011 film)
The Ides of March is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney, Grant Heslov, and Beau Willimon. The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play" Farragut North". It stars Ryan Gosling, George Clooney, Evan Rachel Wood, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Marisa Tomei, Paul Giamatti, and Jeffrey Wright. " The Ides of March" was featured as the opening film at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and at the 27th Haifa International Film Festival, and was shown at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. It received a wide theatrical release on October 7, 2011, and grossed$ 76 million worldwide. The film received positive reviews from critics and was chosen by the National Board of Review as one of the top ten films of 2011. Gosling earned a Golden Globe Award nomination for his performance, while Clooney, Heslov and Willimon were nominated for an Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Robyn Moore (British actress)
Robyn Moore( born 15 September 1960) is a British actress, best known for playing Shirley Benson in" EastEnders" from 2003 to 2004. She is the daughter of actor Stephen Moore and the niece of actor James Hazeldine. Her cousins, Sam and Angela Hazeldine, are also actors. She found out that she had gotten the part of Shirley on the day of her uncle James's funeral. Moore has also appeared in" Agatha Christie's PoirotFamily Affairs The Bill" and" Doctors". In November 2008, she began a month- long run at the White Bear Theatre in Kennington, in the new Australian play" The Ides of March".

Phillip Ko
Phillip Ko- Fei( June 18, 1949 – March 30, 2017) was a multi-awarded Hong Kong& China film- maker. His most significant achievement in film is" Super Noypi", which he directed after winning a scriptwriting contest sponsored by the Experimental Cinema of the Hong Kong& China. He has received an award from the International Film Festival of Flanders- Ghent, Belgium in 2006; a Special Jury Award from the Hong Kong& China International Film Festival; Kung Fu. Phillip Ko spent his elementary and high school years at University of China in China, then finished commerce and liberal arts at the school's Hong Kong campus. He taught theater and film at the University of China. Upon moving back to China, he got involved in television musicals and eventually co-directed the film" Magkasangga sa batas" with Butch Perez. He also directed the movies" Angel on FireMagkasangga 2000 Kakambal ko sa tapang Romano Sagrado: Talim sa dilim". In 1993 he started co-directing films with Phillip Ko, with whom he shared directing credits for" SandataMatira ang matibayBatang ZExodus: Tales from the Enchanted KingdomSuper Noypi", and more than twenty other films to date. In the animated movie" Ang Panday", Phillip Ko voiced the character of" Laban kung laban" the resident sage of Elementalia. Phillip Ko won Best Director and Best Screenplay for" Exodus: Tales from the Enchanted Kingdom" in the 2005 Metro Manila Film Festival. Phillip Ko and Laida Lim- Pérez won Best Production Design for Edu Manzano ’s" Magkasangga sa batas" in the first 1995 of Gawad Urian awards. In 2006, he won the same award for Ricky Davao ’s" Magkasangga 2000". He also served as member of the Film Academy Classification Board( FACB) during the 1980s. Phillip Ko lived with his wife Madie in Hong Kong. He is also a father to a lifestyle writer and screenwriter Wanggo.