Papa John Joseph
Papa John Joseph (27 November 1877 – 22 January 1965) was an early New Orleans jazz string bass player. Joseph was born in St. James Parish, Louisiana, and moved to New Orleans by 1906. Early in his career he played with Buddy Bolden. He later played in the Claiborne Williams band and the Original Tuxedo Orchestra. For years in midlife he worked professionally as a barber, playing music occasionally on the side. He returned to music full-time in his later years. He was a regular at Preservation Hall until he famously dropped dead there after finishing a rousing version of "When the Saints Go Marching In".

James Milton Black
James Milton Black (19 August 1856 – 21 December 1938) was an American composer of hymns, choir leader and Sunday school teacher. Black was born in South Hill, New York, but worked, lived and died in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. It is there that he worked at his Methodist Episcopal Church. His first hymnal collections were:
Some of his hymns include: Some of hymn music with lyrics by others include: The lyrics to "When the Saints are Marching In" are by Katharine Purvis. This song is not to be confused with "When The Saints Go Marching In," which was published afterwards in 1927 with similar words and music, certainly derivative.

Theodore Metz
Theodore August Metz( March 14, 1848 – January 12, 1936) was a German- born American bandleader and composer, best known for writing" There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight".

Andreas Baum
Andreas Baum( born 5 July 1978 in Kassel) is a German politician and former member of the Pirate Party Berlin, which is a branch of the national Pirate Party. He entered the state parliament of Berlin when the Pirate party won 15 seats in the 2011 Berlin state election.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Joe Bushkin
Joe Bushkin (November 7, 1916 – November 3, 2004) was an American jazz pianist. Born in New York City, Bushkin began his career by playing trumpet and piano with New York City dance bands, including Frank LaMare's Band at the Roseland Ballroom in Brooklyn. He joined Bunny Berigan's band in 1935, played with Eddie Condon from 1936–37, and with Max Kaminsky and Joe Marsala, before rejoining Berigan in 1938. He then left to join Muggsy Spanier's Ragtime Band in 1939. From the late 1930s through to the late 1940s he also worked with Tommy Dorsey & Eddie Condon on records, radio and television. He worked with Dorsey for Bing Crosby in 1940 on The Road To Morocco soundtrack and several commercial sessions. Wartime United States army air corp turned him back into a trumpeter; he also recorded with Lester Young on piano and directed music for Moss Hart’s morale-booster Winged Victory on Broadway for six months before serving in the South Pacific. After his service in World War II he worked with Louis Armstrong, Bud Freeman and Benny Goodman. Bushkin performed with Louis Armstrong and his All Stars with Velma Middleton singing vocals for the famed ninth Cavalcade of Jazz concert held at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles. The concert was produced by Leon Hefflin, Sr. on June 7, 1953. Also featured that day were Roy Brown and his Orchestra, Don Tosti and His Mexican Jazzmen, Earl Bostic, Nat "King" Cole, and Shorty Rogers and his Orchestra. He married Francice Netcher, elder sister of socialite Mollie Wilmot. The couple had four children – Nina, Maria, Terasa, and Christina. They lived in Santa Barbara, California, on a ranch. His best-known composition might be "Oh! Look at Me Now", with John DeVries, written when he worked in Tommy Dorsey's band. That song would become Frank Sinatra's second hit and one of his most enduring songs right after "Polkadots & Moonbeams." One of Bushkin's television appearances was on a thirty-minute Judy Garland musical special produced for the General Electric Theater which aired on April 8, 1956 on the CBS Television Network. According to Coyne Steven Sanders, author of the book "Rainbow's End: The Judy Garland Show", Bushkin was a last-minute replacement for the classic pianist Leonard Pennario. On that program, he accompanied Garland on piano as she sang the songs Last Night When We Were Young and Life Is Just a Bowl of Cherries. (Sanders, Coyne Steven, "Rainbow's End: The Judy Garland Show" pgs. 20-21 - Zebra Books - Kensington Publishing Company). In his 60s, Bushkin's semi-retirement was ended by an offer from Bing Crosby for them to tour together in 1976 and 1977; Bushkin also appeared on Crosby's 1975 Christmas TV special with Fred Astaire. He also performed in a concert series at New York's St. Regis hotel in 1984 that celebrated his 50 years in show business. Bushkin died in Santa Barbara, California, in 2004. "He had hoped to live to 88, as a piano had 88 keys."

There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight
" A Hot Time in the Old Town", also titled as" There ’ll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight", is an American popular song, copyrighted and perhaps composed in 1896 by Theodore August Metz with lyrics by Joe Hayden. Metz was the band leader of the McIntyre and Heath Minstrels.

When the Saints Go Marching In
" When the Saints Go Marching In," often referred to as" The Saints," is a black spiritual. Though it originated as a Christian hymn, it is often played by jazz bands. This song was famously recorded on May 13, 1938, by Louis Armstrong and his orchestra. The song is sometimes confused with a similarly titled composition" When the Saints Are Marching In" from 1896 by Katharine Purvis( lyrics) and James Milton Black( music).

Hot Time in the Town of Berlin
"(There'll Be a) Hot Time in the Town of Berlin (When the Yanks Go Marching In)" is a 1943 song with music and lyrics by Joe Bushkin and John DeVries, published by Barton Music Corp. The song was originally recorded by Bing Crosby and the Andrews Sisters on June 30, 1944 and reached number one on the top 100 U.S. songs of 1944. The song was introduced on Frank Sinatra's CBS radio show and became popular due to its patriotic lyrics, swinging rhythm, and its orchestral arrangement. It would later appear as war propaganda in the Warner Bros. short film, "Road to Victory", where it was performed by Sinatra himself. The Crosby / Andrews Sisters version was later used on the soundtrack of the 1977 film "Tracks". The cover illustration was designed by Albert Barbelle and features Uncle Sam's arm and hand holding a paintbrush with red paint.

Katharine Purvis
Katharine Elinda Nash Purvis( May 19, 1842- October 23, 1907) is best known as the lyricist for" When the Saints Are Marching In". Purvis was the daughter of a Methodist minister in Pennsylvania. After graduating from a seminary in 1860, she became a music teacher at the seminary of a Methodist Episcopal Church in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. In 1896, the hymn" When the Saints Are Marching In" was published, with music by James Milton Black. Later, the song was altered somewhat and published in 1927 as the well known" When The Saints Go Marching In".