Oxford Gardens
Oxford Gardens is a 2015 film produced and directed by Obi Emelonye.

I Believe in Miracles (film)
I Believe in Miracles is a 2015 film directed by Jonny Owen.

If... Dog... Rabbit...
If ... Dog ... Rabbit..., also known as One Last Score, is a 1999 American crime drama thriller film written, directed by and starring Matthew Modine, in his feature film debut as a director. It also stars John Hurt, Kevin J. O'Connor, Bruce Dern, David Keith and Lisa Marie.

The Clan (2015 film)
The Clan is a 2015 Argentine biographical crime film written and directed by Pablo Trapero and starring Guillermo Francella and Peter Lanzani. It was selected to be screened in the main competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, where director Pablo Trapero won the Silver Lion. The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but was not nominated.

Battle of Stalc
The Battle of Stalc was a Scottish clan battle that was fought in the year 1468. It was fought between the forces of the Clan Stewart of Appin and their allies the Clan MacLaren against the Clan MacDougall and the Clan MacFarlane. The latter force may have included men from the Clan Campbell.

Mohite (clan)
Mohite is a Maratha clan. The clan name is also used as the surname by the clan members.

Clan Macfie
Clan Macfie is a Highlands Scottish Clan. Since 1981, the clan has been officially registered with the Court of the Lord Lyon, which is the heraldic authority of Scotland. The clan is considered an armigerous clan because even though the clan is recognised by the Court of the Lord Lyon, it is currently without a chief recognised by the Lord Lyon King of Arms, the judge of the Court of the Lord Lyon. The official clan name" Macfie" is derived from the Common Gaelic" Mac Dhuibhshíthe"( modern Scottish Gaelic. This Gaelic patronymic name has been Anglicised into various forms, many of which are considered associated names of the clan. The clan has a long history with the islands of Colonsay and Oronsay in the Scottish Inner Hebrides, and today many monuments to various lairds and churchmen of the clan are found on these islands. The 19th century historian W. F. Skene named the clan as one of the seven clans of Siol Alpin—who according to Skene could all trace their ancestry back to Alpin, father of Cináed mac Ailpín. Popular tradition has been until recently to consider Cináed mac Ailpín the first King of Scots and a Gael; however, recent research has shown he was actually a Pictish king and likely a Pict himself. Little is known of the early history of the clan. However, is certain that the clan served under the Lords of the Isles—descendants of Somerled, who ruled the Hebrides from the 14th century to the late 16th century. Following the forfeiture of the Lordship of the Isles in the late 15th century, the clan still attached itself to powerful Macdonalds. In the early 17th century the last chief of the clan was executed as Colonsay was lost to the control of a Macdonald. Without a chief of their own to control their home lands the clan was considered a leaderless" broken clan". From this point on the Macfies followed the Macdonalds of Islay, though a branch of the clan was dispersed to lands controlled by Clan Cameron. In the early 19th century Ewen Macphee became a notorious outlaw," revered and feared by locals and despised by the authorities". Today the modern Clan Macfie is alive with nine associated clan societies located around the world.

A Month of Sundays (2015 film)
A Month of Sundays is a 2015 film starring Anthony LaPaglia.

Mabel's Latest Prank
Mabel's Latest Prank is a 1914 film both starring and co-directed by Mabel Normand and Mack Sennett.

Ixodes persulcatus
Ixodes persulcatus, the taiga tick, is a species of hard- bodied tick distributed from Europe through central and northern Asia to the People ’s Republic of China and Japan. The sexual dimorphism of the species is marked, the male being much smaller than the female. Hosts include wild and domestic ungulates, man, dog, rabbit, and other small mammals including the dormouse, Amur hedgehog, and occasionally birds.