Clive Holmes
Clive Jefferson Holmes( born August 1939) was the founder of the Life Insurance Association and the co-founder of the" Institute of Financial Planning"

Arthur Stilwell
Arthur Edward Stilwell( October 21, 1859 – September 26, 1928) was the founder of Kansas City Southern Railway. He served as the railroad's president from 1897 to 1900. He was also the founder of Port Arthur, Texas.

Jean-Pierre Willem
Jean-Pierre Willem, born 24 May 1938 at Sedan, France, is a physician and founder of Médecins Aux Pieds Nus. He led numerous humanitarian missions to help victims of catastrophes and conflicts. Willem also was a doctor of medicine and president of Organic Union International.

Hugh McGary Jr.
Hugh McGary Jr. was the founder of Evansville, Indiana.

Sue Fennessy
Sue Fennessy( born 25 July 1968) is an Australian- born American entrepreneur. She is the founder and CEO of WeAre8, the founder of the Standard Media Index( SMI), the founder of Frontiers Group LTD, and a fellow at Monash University.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.

Faculté Libre de Médecines Naturelles et d'Ethnomédecine
The Faculté Libre de Médecines Naturelles et d'Ethnomédecine (FLMNE) is a professional training organization, based in Paris (France) founded by Jean-Pierre Willem in 1987. It was transformed into a company in 1997. According to Hubert Willem, every true medicine should work to lose because it is aimed to give health to patients.