Genius Jones
Genius Jones is a comic book character from the Golden Age of Comic Books who first appeared in the DC Comics published, Adventure Comics# 77( August 1942). He was created by Alfred Bester and Stan Kaye.

Chappell & Co.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.

Adventure Cycling Association
Adventure Cycling Association is a nonprofit member organization focused on travel by bicycle. Headquartered in Missoula, Montana, Adventure Cycling develops cycling routes, publishes maps, provides guided trips, and advocates for better and safer cycling in the U.S. The organization grew from a mass cross-country bicycle ride in 1976 to celebrate the U.S. Bicentennial. Adventure Cycling also publishes a magazine, "Adventure Cyclist". Adventure Cycling celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2016 by hosting the Montana Bicycle Celebration in Missoula, promoting events like Bike Your Park Day and Bike Travel Weekend, and publishing its first-ever coffee table book, "America's Bicycle Route: The Story of the TransAmerica Bicycle Trail".

Pariah Press
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role- playing game.

Web enhancement
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.

A New Leaf (short story)
" A New Leaf" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that published in July 1931 in" The Saturday Evening Post".

Noggin (magazine)
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary. It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.

Adventure Cyclist magazine
Adventure Cyclist is an association magazine published nine times annually by Adventure Cycling Association in Missoula, Montana.

Pink Pages
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.

Faction War
Faction War is a book published by TSR in 1998. Part of the" Dungeons& Dragons" series. It was a published adventure meant for those who were playing in" Dungeons& Dragons"'s fantasy role- playing game Planescape campaign setting, also published by TSR.