Andy Sannella
Anthony George" Andy" Sannella( March 11, 1900- December 10, 1962) was an American musician and bandleader. Andy Sannella was born in Brooklyn, NY. His father Anthony and mother Lucia were both Italian immigrants. Sannella was a multi-instrumentalist; according to jazz historian John Chilton he played violin, piano, organ, clarinet, alto saxophone, guitar( preferably steel guitar), banjo and vibraphone. Occasionally he also appeared as a singer.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

John Chilton
John James Chilton( 16 July 1932 – 25 February 2016) was a British jazz trumpeter and writer. During the 1960s, he also worked with pop bands, including The Swinging Blue Jeans and The Escorts.

Mike Daniels (musician)
Mike Daniels( 23 April 1928 – 18 October 2016) was a British dixieland revivalist jazz trumpeter and bandleader born in Stanmore, Middlesex, probably best known for his work with his own group The Delta Jazzmen. Some of his other bands have featured talents such as Keith Nichols and John Chilton. He died on 18 October 2016 at the age of 88.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Andrzeja Górska
Andrzeja Górska( born Maria Stefania Górska; 2 February 1917 – 15 December 2007) was a Polish Roman Catholic nun. She was born in Łódź, the sixth of nine children. Gorska served as the abbess, or Mother Superior, of the Congregation of the Ursulines of the Agonizing Heart of Jesus, who are more commonly known as the Grey Ursulines. She was involved in the protection of Jewish children during the German occupation in World War II Gorska died on December 15, 2007, in Warsaw. She was 93 years old.

John Armatage
John Armatage( born 5 August 1929, Newcastle upon Tyne, England) is an English jazz swing drummer and arranger. Armatage began professional work in 1957 when he gigged with John Chilton and then recorded, toured and made a film with Bruce Turner, the film called" Living Jazz"( 1962). He has played with artists such as Pete Allen and Terry Lightfoot. He has done collaborative work with Pee Wee Russell.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

John Chilton Lambton Carter
John Chilton Lambton Carter( 31 January 1816 – 27 May 1872) was a 19th- century New Zealand politician.