César Martínez
Cesar or Caesar Martinez may refer to:

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

All Pigs Must Die
All Pigs Must Die may refer to:

The Beast Must Die (1952 film)
The Beast Must Die is a 1952 Argentine thriller film, which is directed by Román Viñoly Barreto and stars Guillermo Battaglia, Narciso Ibáñez Menta and Warly Ceriani. It based on the novel The Beast must Die by Irish poet Nicholas Blake.

Berkeley in the Sixties
Berkeley in the Sixties is a 1990 documentary film by Mark Kitchell. The film highlights the origins of the Free Speech Movement beginning with the May 1960 House Un- American Activities Committee hearings at San Francisco City Hall, the development of the counterculture of the 1960s in Berkeley, California, and ending with People's Park in 1969. The film features 15 student activists and archival footage of Mario Savio, Todd Gitlin, Joan Baez, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Huey Newton, Allen Ginsberg, Gov. Ronald Reagan and the Grateful Dead. The film is dedicated to Fred Cody, founder of Cody's Books. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

Caesar Must Die
Caesar Must Die is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani. The film competed at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear. The film is set in Rebibbia Prison( suburb of Rome), and follows convicts in their rehearsals ahead of a prison performance of" Julius Caesar".

The Beast Must Die
The Beast Must Die can refer to:

This Man Must Die
This Man Must Die , American title The Beast Must Die, is a 1969 French and Italian psychological thriller film directed by Claude Chabrol. The story is based on a 1938 novel by Cecil Day-Lewis, writing as Nicholas Blake, "The Beast Must Die". The film had a total of 1,092,910 admissions in France.

All Superheroes Must Die
All Superheroes Must Die( also known as Vs) is a 2011 American independent superhero film directed by and starring Jason Trost. It also stars James Remar, and Lucas Till. Filming took place in Los Angeles, California. " All Superheroes Must Die" premiered in Toronto, Ontario, at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival on October 26, 2011. The film received overwhelmingly negative reviews. A sequel," All Superheroes Must Die 2: The Last Superhero", was released on Jason Trost's YouTube channel.

Famine (film)
Famine( also known as Stupid Teens Must Die! and Detention Night) is a 2011 horror film written and directed by Ryan Nicholson, and co-written by Jeff O'Brien.