We Smoked It All
We Smoked It All is a 2009 collaboration mixtape by rappers Spose and Cam Groves from the independent label PDANK.

M3 (band)
M3 was an American experimental rock group, founded by the brothers Roger Miller, Ben Miller and Larry Miller. Their name is a dual reference to the three M surnames, and also pun on the musical notation for a minor third. All three Miller brothers are longtime fixtures on the Detroit/ Ann Arbor, Michigan music scenes. M3 is a quasi-reunion of Sproton Layer, a short- lived group the Miller brothers formed in the late 1960s. Afterwards, Roger was active with several groups( notably Mission of Burma and Birdsongs of the Mesozoic), as were Ben and Larry( notably Destroy All Monsters). M3 is primarily a studio recording and experimental project, although it has been known to play live to appreciative audiences. Critic Richard Foss describes their self- titled debut as" without a doubt some of the strangest music ever to be even vaguely classified as rock." According to their website, in December 2011, M3 was planning to record a new studio album. It would have been their first album in over ten years. Although the band went into recording a new album, the idea was scrapped and the brothers ended the band permanently.

Battle of the Bands (disambiguation)
Battle of the Bands is a contest in which two or more bands compete for the title of" best band". Battle of the Bands may also refer to:

Company Caine
Company Caine, also styled as Co. Caine and Company Kane, were an Australian progressive rock band. They were formed in March 1970 by Ray Arnott on drums( ex- Chelsea Set, Browns, Cam- Pact), Cliff Edwards on bass guitar( ex- Cam- Pact), Jeremy Noone( aka Jeremy Kellock) on saxophone and keyboards( ex- Leo and Friends), Gulliver Smith on lead vocals( ex- Little Gulliver and the Children, Dr Kandy's Third Eye) and Russell Smith( no relation) on guitar and vocals( ex- Cam- Pact).

Pepsi Battle of the Bands
Pepsi Battle of the Bands is a Pakistani television series, originally based on the concept of Battle of the Bands, first aired in 2002 on PTV Home. The show was revived in 2017.

Ivan Yakubovsky
Ivan Ignatyevich Yakubovsky (7 January 1912 – 30 November 1976) was a Marshal of the Soviet Union, twice made a Hero of the Soviet Union and serving as commander-in-chief of the Warsaw Pact from 1967 to 1976.

DracoVirgo
DracoVirgo is a Japanese band, and formed in 2017.

È Stato la mafia
È Stato la mafia( translated from the Italian language in" Mafia is State") is a jounalistic essay written by Marco Travaglio in 2014. The essay focuses on the State- Mafia Pact, from its causes to its consequences and its protagonists. The publication of the book was preceded by the namesake recital.

Cam-Pact
Cam- Pact was an Australian soul and psychedelic pop band which formed in April 1967. Originally they performed as The Camp Act but soon changed to Cam- Pact( or CamPact). Although little known outside Melbourne at the time, the various lineups of the group featured a number of young Melbourne musicians who went on to become significant figures on the Australian music scene, including Ray Arnott, Keith Glass, Chris Löfvén, Russell Smith, Robert Lloyd, and Chris Stockley. Cam- Pact issued five singles and three extended plays on Festival Records before disbanding in March 1970.

Company Caine
Company Caine, also styled as Co. Caine and Company Kane, were an Australian progressive rock band. They were formed in March 1970 by Ray Arnott on drums( ex- Chelsea Set, Browns, Cam- Pact), Cliff Edwards on bass guitar( ex- Cam- Pact), Jeremy Noone( aka Jeremy Kellock) on saxophone and keyboards( ex- Leo and Friends), Gulliver Smith on lead vocals( ex- Little Gulliver and the Children, Dr Kandy's Third Eye) and Russell Smith( no relation) on guitar and vocals( ex- Cam- Pact).