Vilko Filač: Vilko Filač( 14 February 1950 – 25 November 2008) was a Slovenian cinematographer. A graduate of the Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague, he is best known for his work with Emir Kusturica, including" When Father Was Away on BusinessUnderground" and" Time of the Gypsies".

Mira Furlan: Mira Furlan( born 7 September 1955) is a Croatian actress and singer. Internationally, she is best known for her roles as the Minbari Ambassador Delenn on all five seasons of the science fiction television series" Babylon 5"( 1993 – 98), and as Danielle Rousseau on" Lost". Also, she appeared in the multiple award- winning films such as" When Father Was Away on Business" and" The Abandoned".

Emir Hadžihafizbegović: Emir Hadžihafizbegović( born 20 August 1961) is a Bosnian theater, film and television actor and part- time politician. He has appeared in over 50 films such as" When Father Was Away on Business"( 1985)," Remake"( 2003)," Fuse"( 2003)," Days and Hours"( 2004)," The Border Post"( 2006)," Grbavica"( 2006)," Armin"( 2007)," Death of a Man in the Balkans"( 2012) and" These Are the Rules"( 2014). He is a member of Bosniak nationalist Party of Democratic Action( SDA). Hadžihafizbegović lives and works in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. He also spent almost the entirety of the Bosnian War in besieged Sarajevo as part of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina( ARBiH) and Croatian Defence Council( HVO). He served as minister of culture and sports of Sarajevo Canton from 2006 to 2011, and since 5 October 2019, has been part of the Presidency of SDA.

Naresh Kumar (tennis): Naresh Kumar is a former Indian tennis player who was born on 22 December 1928 in Lahore, Punjab, British India. He played on the India Davis Cup team for eight years beginning in 1952. He later served as team captain. He won the singles title at the Irish Championships in 1952 and 1953. In 1955 he reached the fourth round in singles at Wimbledon which he lost in straight sets to the No. 1 seed and eventual champion Tony Trabert. Naresh is married to an artist and author.

Ek Paheli: Ek Paheli is a 1971 Bollywood thriller drama film directed by Naresh Kumar. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar, Tanuja, Feroz Khan, Madan Puri and Aruna Irani.

When Father Was Away on Business: When Father Was Away on Business( Отац на службеном путу) is a 1985 Yugoslav film by director Emir Kusturica. The screenplay was written by the Bosnian dramatist Abdulah Sidran. Its subtitle is" A Historical Love Film" and it was produced by Centar Film and Forum, production companies based in Sarajevo. Set in post- World War II Yugoslavia during the Informbiro period, the film tells the story from the perspective of a boy, Malik, whose father Meša( Miki Manojlović) was sent to a labour camp. " When Father Was Away on Business" won the Palme d' Or at the 1985 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.

Davor Dujmović: Davor Dujmović( 20 September 1969 – 31 May 1999) was a Bosnian actor best known for his memorable roles in Emir Kusturica's movies as Mirza in" When Father Was Away on Business", Perhan in" Time of the Gypsies" and Bata in" Underground".

Underground (1995 film): Underground(/" Podzemlje"), is a 1995 comedy- drama film directed by Emir Kusturica, with a screenplay co-written by the director and Dušan Kovačević. It is also known by the subtitle" Once Upon a Time There Was One Country", which was the title of the 5- hour mini-series( the long cut of the movie) shown on Serbian RTS television. The film uses the epic story of two friends to portray a Yugoslav history from the beginning of World War II until the beginning of Yugoslav Wars. The film was an international co-production with companies from Yugoslavia( Serbia), France, Germany, Czech Republic and Hungary. The theatrical version is 163 minutes long. In interviews, Kusturica stated that his original version ran for over 320 minutes, and that he was forced to cut it by co-producers. " Underground" won the Palme d' Or at the 1995 Cannes Film Festival. It was Kusturica's second such award after" When Father Was Away on Business"( 1985). It went on to win other honours.

Emir Kusturica: Emir Kusturica( born 24 November 1954) is a Serbian filmmaker, actor and musician. He also has French citizenship. He has been recognized for several internationally acclaimed feature films, as well as his projects in town- building. He has competed at the Cannes Film Festival on five occasions and won the Palme d' Or twice( for" When Father Was Away on Business" and" Underground"), as well as the Best Director prize for" Time of the Gypsies". Kusturica has also won a Silver Bear at the Berlin Film Festival for" Arizona Dream" and a Silver Lion at the Venice Film Festival for" Black Cat, White Cat". In addition he was also named Commander of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. Since the mid-2000s, Kusturica's primary residence has been in Drvengrad, a town built for his film" Life Is a Miracle", in the Mokra Gora region of Serbia. He had portions of the historic village reconstructed for the film. He has been a member of the Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Republika Srpska since 9 November 2011.

Abdulah Sidran: Abdulah Sidran( born 2 October 1944), often referred to by his hypocoristic nickname" Avdo", is a Bosnian poet and screenwriter. He is best known for writing the poetry book Sarajevski Tabut and the scripts for" When Father Was Away on Business" and" Do You Remember Dolly Bell?".