The Phantom of the Opera (1998 film)
The Phantom of the Opera is a 1998 Italian horror film directed by Dario Argento, adapted from the novel" Le Fantôme de l'Opéra" by Gaston Leroux. However, there are many differences between the book and the film( the biggest being that the Phantom is not disfigured).

Gertrude of Bavaria
Gertrude of Saxony and Bavaria( 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.

The Phantom of the Range
The Phantom of the Range is a 1936 American western film directed by Robert F. Hill.

Ramin Karimloo
Ramin Karimloo( born September 19, 1978) is an Iranian- Canadian actor and singer, recognised mainly for his work in London's West End. He has played the leading male roles in both of the West End's longest running musicals: the Phantom and Raoul, Vicomte de Chagny in" The Phantom of the Opera", and Jean Valjean, Enjolras, and Marius Pontmercy in" Les Misérables". He also originated the roles of Gleb in" Anastasia" and the Phantom in Andrew Lloyd Webber's" Love Never Dies", which continues the story of" The Phantom of the Opera". He made his Broadway debut as Jean Valjean in the 2014 revival production of" Les Misérables", for which he received a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical nomination.

Liz Robertson
Liz Robertson( born 4 May 1954) is an English actress and singer and the widow of playwright and lyricist Alan Jay Lerner. She is especially well known for her performances as Madame Giry, having played the role in the original cast of" Love Never Dies" at the Adelphi Theatre, in" The Phantom of the Opera" at Her Majesty's Theatre and in" The Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall".

John Owen-Jones
John Owen- Jones( born 5 May 1971) is a Welsh musical theatre actor and singer, best known for his portrayals of Jean Valjean in Alain Boublil& Claude- Michel Schönberg's" Les Misérables" and of The Phantom in Andrew Lloyd Webber's" The Phantom of the Opera". He most recently appeared as Valjean on the 25th Anniversary Tour of" Les Misérables", and as The Phantom in The Phantom Of The Opera UK Tour, as part of the 25th anniversary celebrations. He has now recorded six studio albums.

Phantom of the Range
Phantom of the Range is a 1928 American western film directed by James Dugan and starring Tom Tyler, Frankie Darro and Duane Thompson. In 1931 it was remade as a sound film" The Cheyenne Cyclone". Tyler also starred in a later film with a similar title" The Phantom of the Range".

The Phantom of the Operetta (1960 film)
The Phantom of the Operetta (Spanish:El Fantasma de la opereta) is a 1960 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring Germán Valdés, Ana Luisa Peluffo and Luis Aldás. A man and his girlfriend take over a run-down theatre, planning to stage musical shows there. However the place soon turns out to be haunted. The title is a reference to "The Phantom of the Opera".

The Phantom Edit
Star Wars Episode I.I: The Phantom Edit is a fan edit of the film, removing many elements of the original film. The purpose of the edit, according to creator Mike J. Nichols, was to make a much stronger version of" The Phantom Menace" based on the previous execution and philosophies of film storytelling and editing of George Lucas. " The Phantom Edit" was the first unauthorized re-edit of" The Phantom Menace" to receive major publicity and acclaim.

Fernando Cortés
Fernando "Papi" Cortés (October 4, 1909 – 1979) was a Puerto Rican film actor, writer and director. He was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City, where he died. On 1932, while in New York City, Fernando Cortés married Puerto Rican childhood friend María del Pilar Cordero, who adopted the stage name of Mapy Cortés. The couple soon traveled to Spain with a Cuban theatrical troupe. They worked on the Spanish stage, radio and film until the outbreak of the Civil War in 1936. Fernando progressively began to take a backseat as actor and baritone and focused on promoting the career of his wife Mapy, who became a noted "vedette" (showgirl with star status) in Barcelona. After the Spanish Civil War interrupted their careers, the couple worked in New York, San Juan, Buenos Aires, Havana and Caracas, occasionally starring in movies. They arrived to Mexico City in late 1940 and made their stage debut at the Teatro Follies, in a show headlined by the popular Mexican comedian Cantinflas. Despite early struggles to become household names, Mapy achieved Mexican film stardom in late 1941 and the couple settled in Mexico City. Initially, Fernando Cortés played supporting roles in his wife's films. He then made a successful debut as director with "La pícara Susana" (1945) a comedy vehicle for his wife. On March 1954, Fernando and Mapy Cortés returned to Puerto Rico to help launch local television. Cortés became the first director at WKAQ-TV, Channel 2, and the couple co-starred in "Mapy y Papi", the first Puerto Rican sitcom. Despite their success on local TV, the couple returned the following year to Mexico City, which offered more opportunities. The couple starred in a Mexican version of their Puerto Rican sitcom and Mapy returned to the stage. Fernando Cortés became known as a reliable director of Mexican comedies on stage, television and film. After writing and directing star vehicles for his wife Mapy in the 1940s and comedians like Resortes and Tin-Tan in the 1950s, Fernando Cortés produced and directed Puerto Rican co-productions in the 1960s and launched the film career of La India María in the 1970s.