Hubi Meisel
Hubi J. Meisel( born 31 July 1974) is a German progressive rock vocalist and producer who was born in Frankfurt.

Morteza Atashzamzam
Morteza Atashzamzam is an Iranian film director and producer who was born in 1977 in Isfahan, Iran.

Seetharama Kalyana
Seetharama Kalyana is a 2019 Indian Kannada- language action film written and directed by Harsha and produced by Anitha Kumaraswamy under the Channambika Films banner. The film has an ensemble cast with Nikhil Kumar and Rachita Ram in the lead roles. The supporting cast includes R. Sarathkumar, Madhoo, Bollywood actor Sanjay Kapoor making his debut in Kannada, Bhagyashree, Aditya Menon, P. Ravishankar, Chikkanna, Sadhu Kokila among others. The technical crew members for the film include Anup Rubens as the music composer, Swamy. J as the cinematographer, Ganesh as the editor and Ram- Lakshman as the stunt choreographers. The film released on 25 January 2019 coinciding the Republic day holiday. It has been reported that the film's Hindi dubbing rights has been sold for 5. 5 Crores. It is unofficial remake of the movie" Rarandoi Veduka Chudham".

Rarandoi Veduka Chudham
Rarandoi Veduka Chudham  is a 2017 Telugu language romantic comedy film, produced by Nagarjuna Akkineni on Annapurna Studios banner and directed by Kalyan Krishna Kurasala. It stars Akkineni Naga Chaitanya, Rakul Preet Singh in the lead roles and music composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The film received mixed to positive reviews from critics and it was declared a "Super Hit" at the box office.

Raj Kapoor
Raj Kapoor( 14 December 1924 – 2 June 1988) was an Indian film actor, producer and director of Indian cinema. Born at Kapoor Haveli in Peshawar to actor Prithviraj Kapoor he was a member of the Kapoor family which has produced several Bollywood superstars. Kapoor is regarded as one of the greatest and most influential actors and filmmakers in the history of Hindi cinema. He received multiple accolades, including 3 National Film Awards and 11 Filmfare Awards in India. The Filmfare Lifetime Achievement Award is named after Raj Kapoor. He was a two- time nominee for the Palme d' Or grand prize at the Cannes Film Festival for his films" Awaara"( 1951) and" Boot Polish"( 1954). His performance in" Awaara" was ranked as one of the top ten greatest performances of all time by" Time" magazine. His films attracted worldwide audiences, particularly in Asia and Europe. He was called" the Clark Gable of the Indian film industry". The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 1971 for his contributions to the arts. India's highest award in cinema, the Dadasaheb Phalke Award, was bestowed on him in 1987 by the Government of India.

Akkineni Nagarjuna
Akkineni Nagarjuna( born 29 August 1959) is an Indian film actor, producer, television presenter, and entrepreneur, primarily known for his works in Telugu language films. He has also worked in some Hindi and Tamil language films. He has received nine state Nandi Awards, three Filmfare Awards South and a National Film Award- Special Mention. In 1996, he produced" Ninne Pelladata", which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu. Nagarjuna is also known his works in biographical films, he played 15 th- century composer Annamacharya in the 1997 film" Annamayya", Yavakri( the son of the ascetic Bharadwaja) in the 2002 film" Agni Varsha", Major Padmapani Acharya, in the 2003 war film" LOC Kargil", 17th- century composer Kancherla Gopanna in the 2006 film" Sri Ramadasu", Suddala Hanmanthu in the 2011 film" Rajanna", Sai Baba of Shirdi in the 2012 film" Shirdi Sai", Chandaludu in the 2013 film" Jagadguru Adi Sankara", and Hathiram Bhavaji in the 2017 film" Om Namo Venkatesaya". In 1989, he starred in the Mani Ratnam directed romantic drama film" Geetanjali", which won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment. The following year, he acted in" Siva", an action drama blockbuster directed by Ram Gopal Varma, which premiered at the 13th International Film Festival of India. In 1990, he made his Bollywood debut with the Hindi remake of" Shiva". In 1998, he received the National Film Award- Special Mention for his performance in the historical film" Annamayya". In 2013, he represented the cinema of South India at the Delhi Film Festival's 100 Years of Indian Cinema's celebration, alongside Ramesh Sippy and Vishal Bhardwaj from Bollywood. In 1995, he ventured into film production, with a production unit operating in Seychelles, and was a co-director of an Emmy Award- winning film animation company called Heart Animation. Nagarjuna is the co-owner of the production company Annapurna Studios. He is also the president of the non-profit film school Annapurna International School of Film and Media based in Hyderabad.

Anwar Hussain (actor)
Anwar Hussain( 11 November 1925 – 1 January 1988) was an Indian actor and producer. He was a popular character actor from the 1940s to 1982 and acted in over 200 Bollywood films. Some of his best known roles are from" Ab Dilli Dur NahinGunga Jumna"( 1961)," Shaheed Baharaon Ke SapneVictoria No. 203"( 1972)," Chori Mera KaamLoaferGaddarRafoo Chakkar" and" Jail Yatra". He was the son of singer- turned director Jaddanbai and thus, maternal half- brother to noted actress Nargis Dutt and Akhtar Hussain. Hussain is best known for his roles in" Gunga Jumna"( 1962) and" Rocky"( 1981) with his nephew Sanjay Dutt.

Naga Chaitanya
Naga Chaitanya Akkineni is an Indian film actor known for his work in Telugu cinema. He debuted in the 2009 film" Josh", directed by newcomer Vasu Varma and produced by Dil Raju. Prior to the release of his first film, he signed his second film with Indira Productions, directed by Gautham Menon. This film" Ye Maaya Chesave" co-starring Samantha Ruth Prabhu released in 2010, and was a critical and commercial success. His next film Sukumar's" 100% Love", co-starring Tamannaah was a super success. This was soon followed by the flop" Dhada," co-starring Kajal Aggarwal and" Bejawada". Chaitanya also appeared in the movie" Autonagar Surya". 2014 saw him in the Manam. In 2016, he starred in two films, the romance drama" Premam," co-starring Shruti Haasan, and the thriller" Sahasam Swasaga Sagipo". In 2017, he starred in" Rarandoi Veduka Chudham", which became his highest grosser of the year. In 2019, he starred in the romantic drama" Majili" alongside his wife Samantha Akkineni.

Bhudo Advani
Bhudo Advani( 17 August 1905 – 25 July 1985) was an Indian cinema character- actor and comedian. He started his acting career in theatre with the notion of spreading awareness on social issues. He came to Bombay on the advice of an Ajanta Cinetone representative and was offered a role in the film" Afzal", also called" Hoor- E- Haram" in 1933, directed by Mohan Bhavnani. He later joined Sagar Movietone, becoming an important fixture in most films produced by them. He turned from character roles to comedy performing in" Dr. Madhurika"( 1935), directed by Sarvottam Badami," Deccan Queen"( 1936) and" Do Diwaane"( 1936), by C. Luhar. Advani also became a vital part in director Mehboob Khan's films, acting in all the pictures directed by Mehboob while at Sagar Movietone. When Sagar shut down in 1939, Mehboob formed his own production company, National Studios, Bhudo Advani become a member there, but by the beginning of the 1940s, Advani was doing freelance work. In a career spanning forty- four years from 1933 to 1977, he acted in over ninety films. Belonging to the Sindhi community, Advani, along with Moti Prakash and S. P. Menghani, helped toward the development and formation of the Sindhi theatre in 1961. His later memorable roles were in some of Raj Kapoor's films such as" Boot Polish"( 1954), in which he lip- synced to the song" Lapak Jhapak Tu Aa Re Badariya", sung by Manna De in Raga Adhana, also in" Shri 420"( 1955) and" Ab Dilli Dur Nahin"( 1957). His last film was" Shatranj Ke Khiladi"( 1977), made by Satyajit Ray.

Ab Dilli Dur Nahin
Ab Dilli Dur Nahin(" Now Delhi is not far away") is a 1957 Indian Hindi- language film directed by Amar Kumar and written by Rajinder Singh Bedi and Muhafiz Hyder. The film was produced by Raj Kapoor and starred Yakub, Anwar Hussain, Motilal, Nand Kishore and Jagdeep, and, in very minor role, Amjad Khan( Gabbar of Sholay).