TJ Ryan Foundation
The TJ Ryan Foundation is the only progressive( left- leaning) think tank specifically focussing on Queensland public policy. The idea of the Foundation was announced by Queensland Labor leader Annastacia Palaszczuk on 4 May 2012. In May 2013, Emeritus Professor Roger Scott was appointed inaugural Executive Director of the TJ Ryan Foundation Board, together with the initial Board members. The TJ Ryan Foundation was launched on 27 February 2014 at the Gibson Room of the Queensland University of Technology QUT's Gardens Point Campus. The keynote address' Nepotism, patronage and the public trust' was delivered by Queensland Integrity Commissioner David Solomon. The Foundation is named in honour of T. J. Ryan, Labor Premier of Queensland from 1915 to 1919.

Bigelow v. Virginia
Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia, 421 U.S. 809( 1975), was a United States Supreme Court case that established First Amendment protection for advertising.

Tony Jaye Tucker Jr.
Tony J. Tucker Jr. or TJ( born February 18, 1989) is currently a free agent American defensive end football player. He is known for being" quick off the ball".

NMC Jhapa
The Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. was established in 1994 March 8 by 26 Founder Members. It was established first with Shree Bachat Tatha Rin Sahakari Sanstha Li. and received authorization from Nepal Rastra Bank to run Limited Banking transactions. Later the Name was changed to Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

Sobotište
Sobotište is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia. In 1845 there was established first cooperative in Europe by Samuel Jurkovič( Spolok gazdovský).

Shriro
Shriro Group is a private company headquartered in Hong Kong. It is an international marketing and distribution company with over 3,500 employees around the world. Shriro was founded in 1906 as a family business in Harbin, Northern China. The first international office was set up in 1917 in Yokohama, Japan. From the early days, the business was mainly commodities and expanded rapidly after 1945 as the product line expanded and new subsidiaries opened in many South East Asian countries and Canada. Today, Shriro offices are located in Hong Kong, China, Japan, Singapore, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam, Australia, and New Zealand. Shriro is a major distributor of medium- format camera equipment in Asia, including Hasselblad and Linhof.

Hikarigaoka Girls' High School
It was established in 1963.

Low Deep T
Low Deep T or TJ Cases is a South-African singer, songwriter, and producer based in London. He is best known for his hit "Casablanca" produced in 2012, which ranked #1 for many weeks in "Bulgaria Top 20" in March–April 2013 as well as among "Europe Official Top 100" in August 2013.