Sonny West (musician)
Joseph" Sonny" West( born July 30, 1937) is an American songwriter and musician, best known as the co-writer of two of Buddy Holly's biggest hits:" Oh, Boy!" and" Rave On".

Oh, Boy! (The Crickets song)
" Oh, Boy!" is a song written by Sonny West, Bill Tilghman and Norman Petty. The song was included on the album" The" Chirping" Crickets" and was also released as the A- side of a single, with" Not Fade Away" as the B-side. The song peaked at number 10 on the US charts, and number 3 on the UK charts in early 1958. ( See 1958 in music for more context.)

Boy Oh Boy (Racey song)
Boy oh Boy is a pop song by the British pop group Racey and it is their fourth single release. The song was written by Glo Macari and Roger Ferris, produced by Mickie Most and released 1979 on the RAK Records label. It reached# 2 in South Africa, spending 19 weeks on the top 20.

Cuddly Dudley (singer)
Cuddly Dudley (22 May 1924 – 15 July 2011), born Dudley Heslop, was an English rock & roll singer, and actor, who came to fame on the "Oh Boy!" TV series, and is noted for being "Britain's first black rock & roller".

Lasse Dahlquist
Lars Erik ("Lasse") Dahlquist (14 September 1910 in Örgryte (grew also up in Lidingö) – died 14 October 1979 on Brännö, Gothenburg archipelago due to laryngeal cancer) was a Swedish composer, singer and actor. Many of his songs are among the most popular sing-along songs in Sweden, such as "Oh boy oh boy oh boy" and "Gå upp och pröva dina vingar". He was married to "Inez" Margareta Dahlquist, née Lindquist (1911–2004) from 1936 and they had a son; the saxophonist Robert "Bob" Dahlquist (2 September 1938–6 September 2005). On Saltholmen, at the terminal of the boats of Styrsjöbolaget, there is a place called "Lasse Dahlquists Plats". When he was a child, during the summers he was at his grandfather's farm Langegården on Brännö where he built his own home. He worked at Sven-Olof Sandberg's music publishment "Svenska Noter" and 1931 he began recording gramophone records. In 1977 he received the Evert Taube award.

Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!
Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy! is a song written by Lasse Dahlquist, and released as a recorded song in 1946. The song has also been recorded by Alf Robertsson and Charlie Norman. The song, which depicts a British Navy visit to Gothenburg, has become a standard sing-along song in Sweden.

Sabrina Salerno
Sabrina Debora Salerno, also known as Sabrina,( born 15 March 1968) is an Italian singer, songwriter, record producer, glamour model, actress and television presenter. During her career, she has sold over 20 million records worldwide and scored 10 international hits, including 3 number ones. Internationally, she is best known for her 1987 single" Boys( Summertime Love)", which topped the charts in France and Switzerland, and peaked at No. 3 in the UK. The song was accompanied by a provocative music video, which established Sabrina's image as a sex symbol. Her other popular recordings include" All of Me( Boy Oh Boy) My ChicoLike a Yo- YoGringoSiamo donne" and" Call Me".

George Mather Richards
George Mather Richards( 1880- 1958) was an illustrator and painter in the 1900s. Throughout his career, he illustrated many textbooks and children's books. Richards is the illustrator of the widely produced 1918 World War I poster titled," Oh, Boy! That's the Girl!"

All of Me (Boy Oh Boy)
" All Of Me( Boy Oh Boy)" was the fifth international single release by Italian popstar Sabrina. It was released in Italy in July 1988 as the first single from her second album" Super Sabrina". It is written and produced by Stock Aitken& Waterman and followed her previous single" Hot Girl" in Europe, while it was her second single release in the UK, following" Boys( Summertime Love)". Entering the charts in mid-summer 1988, the single became Sabrina's third major international hit. It followed" Boys( Summertime Love)" and" Hot Girl" into the Top 10 or Top 20 in practically every country in the European continent, and made the Top 30 in the UK. For example, in France it reached number 15, but spent 18 weeks in the Top 50. It made Top 30 in the overall Eurochart, and would probably have peaked even higher had it been released in the UK at the same time as in the rest of Europe. Its estimated worldwide sales are around 400,000- 500,000 copies.

Welcome to New York City
" Welcome to New York City" is the seventh track from Cam'ron's third album" Come Home with Me". The song featured fellow Roc-a- Fella labelmate Jay- Z and Juelz Santana. The song was produced by Just Blaze( along with him providing additional vocals), who also produced other songs in this album such as" Losing Weight, Pt. 2" and the hit single Oh Boy. This song was also the theme song for the November 2005 popular crime video game. The song peaked at# 55 at the Hot R&B/ Hip- Hop Singles& Tracks.