Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Marcin Kasprzak
Marcin Kasprzak (1860–1905) was a Polish revolutionary. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, the First Proletariat party, the Polish Socialist Party in Prussia, and the Social Democracy of the Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania party, and was a founder of the Second Proletariat party, Kasprzak was born the son of a laborer on November 2, 1860, in the village of Czołowo in Sremski County. In 1885 he moved to Berlin and joined the German Social Democratic Party. He soon returned to his homeland, where he joined the International Social Revolutionary Party "Proletariat" (usually referred to by the names First Proletariat or Great Proletariat party). Kasprzak was arrested in 1885, but escaped prison in 1887 and fled to Switzerland, then illegally arrived in Warsaw the same year. After the destruction of the First Proletariat in 1888, Kasprzak became one of the founders and leaders of the Social Revolutionary Party "Proletariat" (usually referred to by the names Second Proletariat or Small Proletariat party). According to some sources, in 1889 Kasprzak also helped to smuggle out Rosa Luxemburg out of Poland; she moved to Switzerland. In 1891, Kasprzak fled to exile in London. In 1893, he was arrested while trying to cross the border of the Russian Empire. Released from prison in 1896, he joined the Polish Socialist Party in Prussia. In 1904, Kasprzak returned to the Russian-controlled Congress Poland and joined the Social Democracy of the Kingdom of Poland and Lithuania (SDKPiL) party. On April 27, 1904, during a police raid on an underground printing press in Warsaw, Kasprzak participated in armed resistance, during which four policemen were killed and several others wounded. Kasprzak was executed on September 8, 1905, in the Warsaw Citadel.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Marcin Czechowic
Martin Czechowic( or" Marcin Czechowic")( c.1532–1613) was a Polish Socinian( Unitarian) minister, Protestant reformer, theologian and writer.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Gebhard Fugel
Gebhard Fugel (14 August 1863 – 26 February 1939) was a German painter specializing in Christian themes. He is best known for his work as the leading artist of the "Crucifixion Panorama" in Altötting.