Donnie Elbert
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.

Benny Rubinstein
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development. http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730 Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.

Margaret Simey
Margaret Bayne Todd (4 January 1906 – 27 July 2004) was a political and social campaigner born in Glasgow, but is usually more associated with Liverpool, settling there in the 1920s and becoming the first woman to achieve a degree in sociology. She married Tom Simey, a political scientist at Liverpool University; he was later awarded a life peerage by Harold Wilson, but she did not use the title "Lady Simey". They had one son. She attended St Paul's Girls' School in London, and was involved, with Elsie J. Oxenham, in the British Camp Fire Girls' Association. Oxenham wrote the sixteen-year-old Simey into her novel "Abbey Girls in Town" and dedicated it to her; as a teenager, Simey had chosen "Thistle" as her Camp Fire name and later became known to herself and others as a "prickly customer". She became well known as a campaigner for the rights of the poor in Liverpool, served as a Liverpool City Councillor from 1963, was then a councillor on the now defunct Merseyside County Council from 1974, and was chair of the Merseyside County Police Committee at the time of the Toxteth riots in 1981, frequently coming into conflict with the then Chief Constable, Kenneth Oxford and gaining a reputation for being outspoken about topics in which she believed, usually championing the cause of the underdog against the establishment. Representing the inner-city Granby Ward, she was well aware of the local tensions which led to the Toxteth Riots; over the preceding decade, use of police powers to stop and search had increased, and the police had recently begun to close nightclubs frequented by black youths. Simey had foreseen that this would cause tension, and had predicted that the closure of one club in particular would lead to a riot. She was correct. She also served as a magistrate in Liverpool, was awarded an honorary doctorate of the University of Liverpool for her services to the community, and in 2002 was offered the honour of Freeman of the City of Liverpool, but declined.

John Korty
John Korty( born June 22, 1936) is an American film director and animator, best known for the television film" The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and the documentary" Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?", as well as the theatrical animated feature" Twice Upon a Time". He has won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature( for" Who Are the DeBolts?") and several other major awards. He is described by the film critic Leonard Maltin as" a principled filmmaker who has worked both outside and within the mainstream, attempting to find projects that support his humanistic beliefs".

Yaya Soumahoro
Yaya Alfa Soumahoro (born 28 September 1989) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. Having begun his career with Séwé Sports in his native country, he joined Thai club Muangthong United in 2008. His good performances earned him a move to K.A.A. Gent in 2010. He spent five and a half seasons with Gent but was plagued by recurring injuries throughout his time there. Following a half-season loan to Sint-Truidense V.V., he returned to Muangthong United where did not feature. In 2018, he joined Egyptian side Wadi Degla SC.

Joseph J. Sullivan (vaudeville)
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York. He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888. It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.

Robert Paul Smith
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".

Thomas Simey, Baron Simey
Thomas Spensley Simey, Baron Simey (25 November 1906 – 27 December 1969) was a British academic and life peer. Simey was educated at Balliol College, Oxford. He was the Charles Booth Professor of Social Science at the University of Liverpool between 1939 and 1969. Mary Chamberlain has described him as "a key proponent of the 'modern sociology' and of the burgeoning field of social policy", whose 1946 publication "Welfare and Planning in the West Indies" was "the first scholarly attempt to come to grips with the sociology of the region and set the agenda for discussion on the family for the next two decades." He was created a life peer on 12 May 1965 taking the title Baron Simey, of Toxteth in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Nancy Baron
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".

Andrew Allen (singer)
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia. He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen. He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.