Way of the Dragon 2
Way of the Dragon 2, also known as Bruce Le's Greatest Revenge, is a 1978 martial arts sequel to Way of the Dragon starring Bruce Le. The film is also considered to be a Bruceploitation film. Despite the title the film has more in common with the 1972 film" Fist of Fury". The film has received mixed to negative reviews.

Vaa Deal
Vaa Deal is an upcoming Indian Tamil- language action film directed and written by Rathina Shiva. It features Arun Vijay and Karthika Nair in the lead roles. The film has music by Thaman. Having been in production since 2012, the film has been delayed for several years.

Manhattan Night of Murder
Manhattan Night of Murder is a 1965 German thriller film directed by Harald Philipp and starring George Nader, Heinz Weiss and Monika Grimm. It was the second of the Jerry Cotton series of films, depicting the adventures of an FBI agent.

Baahubali: The Beginning (soundtrack)
Baahubali(" The One With Strong Arms") is the soundtrack of the 2015 Indian bilingual film.

Baahubali: The Beginning
Baahubali: The Beginning is a 2015 Indian epic action film directed by S. S. Rajamouli. The film was produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni and was shot in both Telugu and Tamil. This film was also dubbed into Malayalam and Hindi. The film stars Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, and Tamannaah in the lead roles, with Ramya Krishna, Sathyaraj, and Nassar in supporting roles. The first of two cinematic parts, the film follows Sivudu, an adventurous young man who helps his love, a rebellious warrior intending to rescue the former queen of Mahishmati. In the process, he learns of his true identity as the heir to the throne of Mahishmati, the son of Amarendra Baahubali, whose tale is narrated to him by Kattappa, a loyal warrior. When asked about Amarendra's whereabouts, Kattappa reveals that he was the one who killed him. The reason behind this is explained in the follow- up. The film was conceived by Rajamouli's father K. V. Vijayendra Prasad, who randomly told him a story about Sivagami, a woman who carries a baby in her hand while crossing a river, and a few years later about Kattappa, which intrigued Rajamouli. His fascination with mythology and the tales of the" Amar Chitra Katha" comics further fuelled his interest in the story. However, it took the writers three months to complete the final draft. The and background score were composed by M. M. Keeravani while the cinematography, production design, and VFX were handled by K. K. Senthil Kumar, Sabu Cyril and V. Srinivas Mohan respectively. The film was made on a budget of, making it the most expensive Indian film at its time of release. The film opened worldwide on 10 July 2015, garnering critical acclaim and record- breaking box office success. With a worldwide box office gross of, it became the highest- grossing film in India, third highest- grossing Indian film worldwide, and highest- grossing South Indian film, at the time of its release. Its Hindi dubbed version also broke several records by becoming the highest- grossing dubbed the film in India. Both budget and box office records have since been surpassed by" Baahubali 2: The Conclusion", the second highest grossing Indian film of all time. It received. It won the National Film Award for Best Special Effects and Best Feature Film, becoming the first Telugu film to win the award. At the 63rd Filmfare Awards South, the Telugu version won five awards from ten nominations, including Best Film, Best Director for Rajamouli and Best Supporting Actress for Ramya Krishna respectively. " Baahubali: The Beginning" became the first Indian film to be nominated for Saturn Awards, receiving five nominations at the 42nd ceremony, including Best Fantasy Film and Best Supporting Actress.

Manhattan Night of Murder
Manhattan Night of Murder is a 1965 German thriller film directed by Harald Philipp and starring George Nader, Heinz Weiss and Monika Grimm. It was the second of the Jerry Cotton series of films, depicting the adventures of an FBI agent.

Hamsa Naava
" Hamsa Naava" is a Telugu song from the 2017 film Baahubali 2: The Conclusion. Sung by Sony and Deepu, the song's lyrics were penned by Chaitanya Prasad and its music was composed by M.M. Keeravani. The music video of the track features Prabhas as Amarendra Baahubali and Anushka Shetty as Devasena in a romantic duet on a flying ship, with Devasena expressing her feelings for Amarendra Baahubali. The theme, title and idea of the song was given by the film's director S.S. Rajamouli.

Baahubali 2: The Conclusion (soundtrack)
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is the soundtrack of the 2017 Indian epic historical film of the.

Baahubali 2: The Conclusion
Baahubali 2: The Conclusion is a 2017 Indian epic action film directed by S. S. Rajamouli and written by his father K. V. Vijayendra Prasad. It was produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni under the banner Arka Media Works. Released on 28 April 2017, the film stars Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty and Tamannaah while Ramya Krishna, Sathyaraj, and Nassar appear in prominent roles. The second cinematic part in the" Baahubali" franchise, it is the follow- up to, serving as both a sequel and a prequel. The film is set in medieval India and follows the sibling rivalry between Amarendra Baahubali and Bhallaladeva; the latter conspires against the former and has him killed by Kattappa. Years later, Amarendra's son returns to avenge his death. " The Conclusion" was made simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil and later dubbed into Hindi, Malayalam, Japanese, Russian and Chinese. Made on an estimated budget of, the production was launched on 17 December 2015 at Ramoji Film City, Hyderabad. The cinematography was done by K. K. Senthil Kumar, and was edited by Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao. Production design was done by Sabu Cyril, while the action sequences were choreographed by Peter Hein. The visual effects were designed by R. C. Kamalakannan, with assistance from Adel Adili and Pete Draper. The soundtrack and the background music was composed by M. M. Keeravani. Released in conventional 2 D and IMAX formats," The Conclusion" was the first Telugu film to also release in 4 K High Definition format. Grossing worldwide," The Conclusion" surpassed" PK"( 2014) to briefly become the highest grossing Indian film of all time, collecting approximately worldwide within just six days of its release. It became the first ever Indian film to gross over, doing so in just ten days. Within India, it set many films records, becoming the highest- grossing film in Hindi, as well as in its original Telugu and Tamil languages. It stands as the highest grossing film in India, the second highest- grossing Indian film worldwide and the 39th highest- grossing film of 2017. The film sold an estimated 100 million tickets( all languages combined) during its box office run, the highest estimated footfall for any film in India since" Sholay"( 1975). " The Conclusion" released to positive reviews from critics. It was also praised by the actors of the film industry alike. The Conclusion has garnered the American Saturn Award for Best International Film, and the Australian Telstra People's Choice Award. It won three National Film Awards: Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment, Best Special Effects and Best Stunt Choreographer. " The Conclusion" was premiered at the British Film Institute, and was the inaugural feature film at the 39th Moscow International Film Festival. It is showcased in the" Indian Panorama" section of the 48th International Film Festival of India.

Manhattan Night
Manhattan Night is a 2016 American crime thriller film written and directed by Brian DeCubellis. It is based on the 1996 novel "Manhattan Nocturne" by Colin Harrison. The film stars Adrien Brody, Yvonne Strahovski, Jennifer Beals, Campbell Scott, Linda Lavin and Steven Berkoff. The film was released on May 20, 2016, by Lionsgate Premiere.