Robert W. Levering
Robert Woodrow Levering( October 3, 1914 – August 11, 1989) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, son-in- law of Usher L. Burdick and brother- in- law of Quentin N. Burdick.

Rachael Poole
Rachael Emily Poole (née 'Mallerson; June 13, 1860, London -- April 9, 1937, Oxford) was an historian of portraiture, with a particular focus on miniatures, active in the United Kingdom. She played a key part in cataloguing local and university artwork and architecture in Oxford. Her most important work was the three volume "Catalogue of Oxford Portraits" (1919-1925). She also wrote "An Outline of the History of the De Critz Family of Painters" (published by the Walpole Society in 1912), which included important work on Cornelius de Neve. She published articles on portraitists active in Tudor England, such as Marcus Gheeraerts (both the Elder and the Younger), who came to England from the Netherlands, as well as seventeenth-century sculptor Edward Pierce. She played an active, if voluntary, role in the life of Oxford University, and beyond her research efforts, was a founding member of the Bach Choir and served on the council of the Association for Promoting the Education of Women at Oxford. For her academic work, she was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1926 and received an honorary MA from Oxford in 1932. She married Oxford historian and archivist Reginald Lane-Poole and was the mother of Austin Lane Poole.

Eusebius (consul 359)
Flavius Eusebius( died after AD 371) was a Roman Senator, who was the brother- in- law of the emperor Constantius II.

Hypatius (consul 359)
Flavius Hypatius( c. 340- died after AD 383) was a Roman Senator, who was the brother- in- law of the Roman emperor Constantius II.

Murder of Rachael Runyan
The murder of Rachael Runyan is an unsolved child murder which occurred in Sunset, Utah, on August 26, 1982, when a three- year- old girl was abducted from a playground and murdered by an unknown individual. Her body was found three weeks later in a creek bed in nearby Morgan County. One of Utah's most notorious cold cases, Rachael's murder ultimately proved a catalyst to establish the" Rachael Alert" child abduction alert system, which remained in use in the state of Utah until 2003, when the state adopted the national AMBER alert child abduction emergency alert system. The abduction and murder of Rachael Runyan was a factor in the 1983 passage of the US Congressional Missing Children's Act, which mandated an allocation of additional resources for the investigation of ongoing missing children cases. In 2017, the Rachael Runyan Missing and Exploited Children's Day was signed into legislation in Utah. The purpose of the annual observance is to raise public awareness of missing and exploited children within the state; the annual awareness date is August 26, the date of Rachael's abduction., Runyan's abduction and murder remain unsolved.

Wyndham Goold
Wyndham Goold( 1812-1854) was a Member of Parliament( MP) for County Limerick from 1850 to 1854. Goold was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Dublin. He was the son in law of Frederick Falkiner Goold, Archdeacon of Raphoe and brother in law of Bishop Hamilton Verschoyle

Charles Francis Norton
Charles Francis Norton( 1807 – 1835) was a 19th- century Member of Parliament for Guildford. Norton was also a Captain of 52nd Light Infantry; son-in- law of Sir Colin Campbell; brother- in- law of writer Caroline Norton

Robert Vadra
Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman, entrepreneur and the husband of Priyanka Gandhi. He is the son -in- law of Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, and the brother- in- law of Rahul Gandhi.

Reginald Lane Poole
Reginald Lane Poole, FBA (1857–1939) was a British historian. He was Keeper of the Archives and a lecturer in diplomatics at the University of Oxford, where he gave the Ford Lectures in 1912 on the subject of "The Exchequer in the Twelfth Century". Son of Edward Stanley Poole, the "Lane" in his surname comes from his paternal grandmother Sophia Lane Poole, author of "An Englishwoman in Egypt" (1844). He was the father of Austin Lane Poole (1889–1963), also a historian and Ford's Lecturer; the brother of the orientalist Stanley Lane-Poole; the nephew of Reginald Stuart Poole; and the great-nephew of Edward William Lane. He edited, among other works, with W. Hunt, "Political History of England" (twelve volumes, 1905–10). His works include:

Greg Penner
Gregory B. Penner( born December 18, 1969) is an American businessman and venture capitalist. Penner was named the chairman of Walmart on June 5, 2015. He is the son-in- law of S. Robson Walton and the grandson- in- law of Sam Walton, the founder of Walmart.