Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.

Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

Isaac Schwartz
Isaac Iosifovich Schwartz (13 May 1923 – 27 December 2009), also known as Isaak Shvarts, was a Soviet composer. Schwartz was born in Romny in the Ukrainian SSR in 1923. His family moved to Leningrad in 1930, where he learned to play the piano. He gave his first concert in 1935 with the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra. Schwartz's father was professor of archeology at the Leningrad State University: he was arrested in 1936 and executed two years later as part of the Great Purge. Schwartz's family was exiled to Kyrgyzstan in 1937, and Schwartz gave private music lessons in Frunze (now Bishkek) as well as occasionally accompanying the silent films at the cinema with live music. During the Second World War, Schwartz directed one of the sections of the Red Army Choir. During that time, he met Mariya Dmitriyevna, the sister of Russian composer Dmitri Shostakovich, who introduced him to her brother. Shostakovich helped Schwartz gain entry to the Rimsky-Korsakov Conservatory in Leningrad, from whence he graduated with a diploma in composition in 1951. He joined the Union of Soviet Composers in 1955. Only years later did he discover that Shostakovich had paid for his education. When Shostakovich was dismissed from the Conservatory, Schwartz was asked to denounce Shostakovich, but he refused. Schwartz's first major commission was the music for the film "Our Correspondent" in 1959. He went on to compose the music for more than 100 Soviet films, including "White Sun of the DesertБелое солнце пустыни", 1969) and "The Captivating Star of HappinessЗвезда пленительного счастья", 1975). Perhaps his best known work outside of the Soviet Union was for Akira Kurosawa's 1975 film "Dersu Uzala". He won the prestigious Nika Award of the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Sciences for 1992 for his music for the films "White King, Red QueenБелый король, красная королева") and "Luna ParkЛуна-парк"). Schwartz also composed music for ballets and theatrical performances and, to a lesser extent, for television. His one symphony, "Gelbe Sterne – Purimspiel im Ghetto", was first performed in Saint Petersburg in 2000: it was inspired by the story of the Kovno Ghetto in Lithuania. Schwartz died in Siversky, near Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation, on 27 December 2009, aged 86.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

The Straw Hat
The Straw Hat (translit. " Solomennaya shlyapka") is a 1974 Soviet musical comedy television film directed by Leonid Kvinikhidze based on a play by Eugène Marin Labiche and Marc-Michel. The film's music was composed by Isaac Schwartz.

Araby Lockhart
Araby Lockhart( born December 4, 1926) is a Canadian stage and television actress, best known for her performances in the films" Capote" and" Police Academy" and her stage performances as a member of Hart House Theatre and the Straw Hat Players. Lockhart has also served as President of the Actors' Fund of Canada.