Arthur Gardner (producer)
Arthur Gardner( born Arthur Goldberg; June 7, 1910 – December 19, 2014) was an American actor and film producer. He was known for his television western," The Rifleman". He was a voting member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

Blanche Bates
Blanche Bates( August 25, 1873 – December 25, 1941) was an American actress. She made her début in San Francisco in a benefit performance of Brander Matthews's" This Picture and That". Among her early successes were her Mrs. Hillary in" The Senator", Phyllis in" The Charity Ball", and Nora in" A Doll's House". She joined Daly's company in 1898 and, the next year at Daly's Theatre in New York, played Mirtza in" The Great Ruby". In 1901 she appeared as Cigarette in" Under Two Flags" at the Garden Theatre in New York. Thereafter devoting herself to the productions of David Belasco, she won great success in" The Darling of the Gods"( 1902) and" The Girl of the Golden West"( 1905) and after World War I in" The Famous Mrs. Fair"( 1919). In 1902, H.M. Caldwell Company, New York and Boston, published a lavish souvenir book," Blanche Bates Edition of" Under Two Flags by Ouida, with handsome illustrated covers, and numerous photographs from the play version( written by Paul M. Potter) starring Miss Bates.

Ravina (actress)
Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies. She acted in" Praner Cheye Priyo" which film is considered as turning point of the career of Riaz.

The Famous Mrs. Fair
The Famous Mrs. Fair is a 1923 American silent drama film produced by Louis B. Mayer, distributed through Metro Pictures, and directed by Fred Niblo. The film is based on the Broadway play of the same name by James Forbes that had starred Blanche Bates in the 1919 theatre season. Brief behind- the- scenes production footage is extant in the recently restored" Souls for Sale"( 1923). A copy is held at George Eastman House, donated by MGM for preservation.

The Flame Barrier
The Flame Barrier is a 1958 American jungle adventure science fiction film produced by Arthur Gardner and Jules V. Levy, directed by Paul Landres, and written by Pat Fielder and George Worthing Yates. The film stars Arthur Franz, Kathleen Crowley and Robert Brown. It was released in the US on April 2, 1958 by United Artists as a double feature with" The Return of Dracula"( 1958).

The Return of Dracula
The Return of Dracula( a.k.a. Curse of Dracula on US television and The Fantastic Disappearing Man in the UK) is a 1958 horror film starring Francis Lederer as Count Dracula. The female lead, Rachel Mayberry, was played by Norma Eberhardt. It was filmed in black and white( with a brief color sequence involving blood) and directed by Paul Landres. It was released in April, 1958 as a double feature with" The Flame Barrier".

Flexing with Monty
Flexing with Monty is a 2010 comedy- drama film and stars Trevor Goddard and Sally Kirkland. Shooting started in 1994 and was finally completed in 2008 during which both the film's male lead( Trevor Goddard), and the original producer died.

James Forbes (screenwriter)
James Gerrie Forbes( September 2, 1871 – May 26, 1938) was a Canadian playwright who worked as a Hollywood movie screenwriter. " The Chorus Lady" and" The Famous Mrs. Fair" were his best known plays.

Louis B. Mayer
Louis Burt Mayer (born Lazar Meir; July 12, 1884 – October 29, 1957) was an American film producer and co-founder of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios (MGM) in 1924. Under Mayer's management, MGM became the film industry's most prestigious movie studio, accumulating the largest concentration of leading writers, directors and stars in Hollywood. Mayer was born in the Russian Empire and grew up poor in Saint John, New Brunswick. He quit school at 12 to support his family and later moved to Boston and purchased a small vaudeville theater in Haverhill, Massachusetts called the "Garlic Box" as it catered to poorer Italian immigrants. He renovated and expanded several other theaters in the Boston area catering to higher end audiences. After expanding and moving to Los Angeles, he teamed with film producer Irving Thalberg, and they developed hundreds of high quality story-based films, noted for their wholesome and lush entertainment. Mayer handled the business of running the studio, such as setting budgets and approving new productions, while Thalberg, still in his twenties, supervised all MGM productions. During his long reign at MGM, Mayer acquired many enemies as well as admirers. Some stars did not appreciate his attempts to control their private lives, while others saw him as a solicitous father figure. He believed in wholesome entertainment and went to great lengths to discover new actors and develop them into major stars. Mayer was forced to resign as MGM's vice president in 1951, when the studio's parent company, Loew's, Inc., wanted to improve declining profits. Mayer was a staunch conservative, at one time the chairman of California's Republican party. In 1927 he was one of the founders of AMPAS, famous for its annual Academy Awards.

Jack Hanbury
Jack Hanbury was a British film producer( died Jan. 1968). Films he has produced include" Sky West and Crooked" and" Three Hats for Lisa".