Robert Vadra
Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman, entrepreneur and the husband of Priyanka Gandhi. He is the son -in- law of Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, and the brother- in- law of Rahul Gandhi.

Pons, Count of Tripoli
Pons (1098 – 25 March 1137) was count of Tripoli from 1112 to 1137. He was a minor when his father, Bertrand, died in 1112. He swore fealty to the Byzantine Emperor Alexios I Komnenos in the presence of a Byzantine embassy. His advisors sent him to Antioch to be educated in the court of Tancred of Antioch, ending the hostilities between the two crusader states. Tancred granted four important fortresses to Pons in the Principality of Antioch. Since Pons held his inherited lands in fief of the kings of Jerusalem, Tancred's grant strengthened the autonomy of the County of Tripoli. On his deathbed, Tancred also arranged the marriage of his wife, Cecile of France, to Pons. Pons closely cooperated with Tancred's successor, Roger of Salerno, against the Muslim rulers in the 1110s. He refused obedience to Baldwin II of Jerusalem in early 1122, but their vassals soon mediated a reconciliation between the two rulers. Pons was one of the supreme commanders of the crusader troops during the successful siege of Tyre in 1124. He supported Alice of Jerusalem, the dowager princess of Antioch, against her brother-in-law, Fulk, King of Jerusalem, in late 1132, but they could not prevent him from taking control of Antioch. A year later, Pons was only able to defend his county against Imad ad-Din Zengi, atabeg of Mosul, with Fulk's assistance. Bazwāj, the mamluk (slave) commander of Damascus, invaded Tripoli in a battle in March 1137. Bazwāj defeated Pons, forcing him to flee to the mountains where native Christians captured Pons. His captors handed him over to Bazwāj who had him killed. The County of Tripoli developed into a fully independent crusader state during Pons' reign.

Sylvius of Toulouse
Saint Sylvius of Toulouse( Silvius) was bishop of Toulouse from 360 AD to 400 AD. He was succeeded by Saint Exuperius. Sylvius began construction of the basilica of St. Sernin of Toulouse towards the end of the 4th century. The church was later completed by his successor Exuperius. Sylvius' remains were later transferred to the church he had begun.

Alphonse, Count of Poitiers
Alphonse or Alfonso( 11 November 122021 August 1271) was the Count of Poitou from 1225 and Count of Toulouse( as Alphonse II) from 1249. As count of Toulouse, he also governed the Marquisate of Provence.

Sancha of Aragon, Countess of Toulouse
Sancha of Aragon( 1186–1241) was the daughter of King Alfonso II of Aragon and his wife, Sancha of Castile. Through her marriage to Raymond VII, Count of Toulouse in 1211, she acquired the titles Countess of Toulouse and Marquise of Provence from then until their divorce in 1241. Sancha's paternal grandparents were Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona and Petronilla of Aragon; her maternal grandparents were Alfonso VII of León and Castile and Richeza of Poland, Queen of Castile. She was the sister of Peter II of Aragon and Alfonso II, Count of Provence. She had one child, Joan, Countess of Toulouse, who held the same titles as her mother from 1249 to 1271.

Bertrand, Count of Toulouse
Bertrand of Toulouse (or Bertrand of Tripoli) (died 1112) was count of Toulouse, and was the first count of Tripoli to rule in Tripoli itself. Bertrand was the eldest son of Raymond IV of Toulouse, and had ruled Toulouse since Raymond left on the First Crusade in 1095. He was, between 1098 and 1100, dispossessed by his cousin Philippa and her husband Duke William IX of Aquitaine, who marched into Toulouse and captured it. Later they mortgaged it back to Bertrand in 1100 to fund Duke William's expedition to the Holy Land. Bertrand officially became count of Toulouse when Raymond died in 1105, and in 1108 he headed to Tripoli to take control there as well. He deposed Raymond's nephew William-Jordan as nominal count of Tripoli in 1109, and with Baldwin I, king of Jerusalem, and a fleet of Genoese ships he captured Tripoli on 12 July. Bertrand married in June 1095, Helie of Burgundy, daughter of Eudes I.
Bertrand ruled in Tripoli until his death in 1112. He was succeeded by his son Pons in Tripoli, and by his brother Alphonse-Jordan in Toulouse - although Toulouse was at that point again lost to Philippa and William.

Joan, Countess of Toulouse
Joan( 1220 – Castle of Corneto near Siena, 25 August 1271), was Countess of Toulouse from 1249 until her death. She was the only child of Raymond VII, Count of Toulouse by his first wife Sancha of Aragon, Countess of Toulouse.

Robert W. Levering
Robert Woodrow Levering( October 3, 1914 – August 11, 1989) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, son-in- law of Usher L. Burdick and brother- in- law of Quentin N. Burdick.

Bertrand II of Forcalquier
Bertrand II Count of Forcalquier( d. 1207), was the son of Bertrand I Count of Forcalquier and his wife Josserande de la Flotte, daughter of Arnaud de la Flotte Seigneur de Ravel. He was the grandson of William III of Forcalquier Marquis of Provence and Gersende of Albon. He co-ruled Forcalquier with his brother, also a child of Bertrand I Count of Forcalquier and Josserande de la Flotte, William IV Count of Forcalquier( 1130 – Nov. 1208) who married Adelaide de Beziers, and whose granddaughter succeeded them. Bertrand II married Cécile de Béziers, probably a member of the Trencavel family, and had:

William IV of Forcalquier
William IV, Count of Forcalquier( 1130- 1208) was the son of Bertrand I Count of Forcalquier and Josserande de la Flotte. William, married Adelaide de Beziers, daughter of Adelaide de Beziers and Raimond Trencavel of Beziers Viscount of Beziers, of Agde, of Albi, of Carcassonne, and of Razès. He co-ruled the county with his brother Bertrand II, who died leaving him as sole count. He had a daughter Garsenda, who married Rainou of Sabran, Lord of Caylar and Ansouis. His daughter Garsenda predeceased him so his grand daughter of the same name inherited his county at the age of 13. He signed the Treaty of Aix with Alfonso II who was in line to become Count of Provence betrothing her to Alfonso in marriage.