Ahmed El-Masri
Ahmed El- Masri( born 10 April 1961) is a Lebanese boxer. He competed in the men's light heavyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Jaled el Masri
Jaled el Masri is a citizen of Syria who was subjected to the American program of extraordinary rendition and held in extrajudicial detention in the CIA's network of black sites. Jaled el Masri is reported to have been apprehended by a clandestine CIA team in January 2004, in Skopje, Macedonia. Jaled el Masri is reported to have been tortured by the CIA in Afghanistan. The Boeing 737 airliner that transported Jaled el Masri and the CIA team landed in La Palma, Majorca, a Spanish Island in the Mediterranean. In May 2010 Spanish authorities issued arrest warrant for the CIA officials who landed in Spanish territory while accompanying Jaled el Masri. The arrest warrants triggered concern in the United Kingdom because the CIA officials were reported to have used UK passports.

Marie Agba-Otikpo
Marie Belkine( born 1 December 1948), commonly known as Marie Agba- Otikpo, is a Central African Republic politician. She was a member of the National Assembly and the head of the Defence and Security Commission( CDS).

Sherif El-Masri
Sherif El- Masri( born 5 February 1990) is a Canadian professional footballer who plays as a winger.

Mariam El-Masri
Mariam El- Masri( born 20 June 1991) is a Guyanese international footballer. She is an alumnus of Agincourt Collegiate Institute, in Scarborough, Ontario.

Khalid al-Masri
Khalid al- Masri( other transcriptions:",, Khaled, El- Masri") is the name of a person alleged to have approached two 9/11 hijackers on a train in Germany and suggested that they contact an alleged al Qaeda operative in Duisburg. The 9/11 Commission Report stated: However, in response to Slahi's petition for a writ of habeas corpus, a U.S. District Court found only that Slahi" provided lodging for three men for one night at his home in Germany[ in November 1999], that one of them was Ramzi bin al- Shibh, and that there was discussion of jihad and Afghanistan". An unrelated German citizen, Khalid El- Masri, spent almost five months in the covert CIA prison in Afghanistan called the Salt Pit in the early months of 2004, where he was interrogated and tortured. Alfreda Frances Bikowsky ordered El- Masri to be extraordinarily rendered, even though she only had a hunch El- Masri was the same person as al- Masri.

Hazem El Masri
Hazem El Masri( born 1 April 1976) is a Lebanese Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played as a er in the 1990s and 2000s. An international representative for Australia and Lebanon, and a New South Wales State of Origin representative goal- kicking, he played his entire club football career in Sydney with the Bulldogs with whom he won the 2004 NRL Premiership. In 2009( his final season in the NRL) El Masri took the record for the highest- ever point scorer in premiership history and for a record sixth time was the NRL's top point scorer for the season. He also became only the seventh player in history to score over 150 NRL tries, having primarily played on the wing, but also at. El Masri is a self- identified devout Muslim. He is widely respected for his community work with young people, winning the NRL's Ken Stephen Award in 2002. The award recognises players who contribute to the betterment of their community away from rugby league. El Masri, widely regarded as the greatest goalkicker ever seen on a rugby league field, scored the second most points( 2,418) by any player in NRL history.

Henry Moore (cricketer)
Henry Walter Moore( 1849 – 20 August 1916) was an English- born first- class cricketer who spent most of his life in New Zealand.

Khalid El-Masri
Khaled El- Masri( also Khalid El- Masri and Khaled Masri)( born 29 June 1963) is a German and Lebanese citizen who was mistakenly abducted by the Macedonian police in 2003, and handed over to the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency( CIA). While in CIA custody, he was flown to Afghanistan, where he was held at a black site and routinely interrogated, beaten, strip- searched, sodomized, and subjected to other cruel forms of inhumane and degrading treatment and torture. After El- Masri held hunger strikes, and was detained for four months in the" Salt Pit", the CIA finally admitted his arrest and torture were a mistake and released him. He is believed to be among an estimated 3,000 detainees whom the CIA abducted from 2001 – 2005. In May 2004, the U.S. Ambassador to Germany, Daniel R. Coats, convinced the German interior minister, Otto Schily, not to press charges or to reveal the program. El- Masri filed suit against the CIA for his arrest, extraordinary rendition and torture. In 2006, his suit" El Masri v. Tenet," in which he was represented by the American Civil Liberties Union( ACLU), was dismissed by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, based on the U.S. government's claiming the state secrets privilege. The ACLU said the Bush administration attempted to shield its abuses by invoking this privilege. The case was also dismissed by the Appeals Court for the Fourth Circuit, and in December 2007, the United States Supreme Court declined to hear the case. On 13 December 2012, El- Masri won an Article 34 case at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg. The court determined he had been tortured while held by CIA agents and ruled that Macedonia was responsible for abusing him while in the country, and knowingly transferring him to the CIA when torture was a possibility. It awarded him compensation. This marked the first time that CIA activities against detainees was legally declared as torture. The European Court condemned nations for collaborating with the United States in these secret programs.

Manfred Gnjidic
Manfred Gnjidic is a lawyer in Germany. In 2004 he was employed by Khalid El- Masri, a German citizen who was subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA in the years past. Gnjidic helped El- Masri launch a lawsuit against George Tenet and other Americans he alleges were involved in his rendition. On December 8, 2005, following a meeting with United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced that Dr Rice had privately acknowledged that El- Masri had been captured and transported in error. Rice then offered her account, that she had merely acknowledged that the United States had made some errors, without acknowledging that El- Masri's rendition was an instance of those errors. Gnjidic has announced his intention to subpoena Merkel to testify in El- Masri's lawsuit. He also represents Aleem Nasir, a German citizen interrogated by Pakistani, American and British intelligence agents during a two- month- long extrajudicial detention in Pakistan. Gnjidic is investigating whether information gained under coercion during these interrogations may have been used to initiate a German investigation of Nasir.