Hasan ibn Hasan: Hasan ibn Hasan (Arabic: حسن بن حسن, Hasan al-Muthana ibn Hasan ibn Ali, popularly known as Hasan al-Muthana) was a great-grandson of Muhammad.

Ali Al-Hasan: Ali Al- Hasan( born 4 January 1973) is a Kuwaiti diver. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Abdullah ibn Atik: Abdullah ibn Atik was a companion of Muhammad. He participated in the Expedition of' Abdullah ibn' Atik where he successfully assassinated Sallam ibn Abu al- Huqayq. Where he led a group of men from the Banu Khazraj tribe. He was killed in the Battle of Yamama. Abu Rafi's assassination at the hands of Abdullah ibn Atik is mentioned in many Sunni Hadith: Abu Rafi's assassination is mentioned in:,, and many more.

Beshr ibn Hasan: Beshr ibn Hasan( Arabic: بشر بن حسن) was a great- grandson of Muhammad. He was the son of second Shia Imam Hasan ibn Ali. He is considered to be one of the martyrs of the Battle of Karbala, although no record describes the circumstances surrounding his death by enemy forces. The first instance of Beshr ibn Hasan to be listed among the martyrs of Karbala was by Shia scholar Ibn Shahrashub. Of Hasan ibn Ali's twenty sons, seven participated in the battle, among them Beshr ibn Hasan. All but one brother was killed during the battle. In his account of their deaths, Shahrashub writes on Beshr:" ... and it has been said that Beshr has been martyred, too." Among Beshr ibn Hasan's brothers who were present at the event of Ashura were Amrobne Hasan( who was killed in the event at Karbala when he was a child), Hasan ibn Hasan( who was famously known as' Hasan Muthanna'), Qasim ibn Hasan( who was also considered to be one of the martyrs of Karbala), Abdullah ibn Hasan( Abdullah Asghar).

Hasan ibn Ali: Al-Hasan ibn Ali ibn Abi Talib (624–670 CE), sometimes spelled Hasan or Hassan, was the eldest son of Ali and Muhammad's daughter Fatimah, and was the older brother of Husayn. Muslims respect him as a grandson of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. Among Shia Muslims, Hasan is revered as the second Imam. Hasan was elected for the caliphate after his father's death, but abdicated after six or seven months to Muawiyah I, the founder of the Umayyad dynasty to end the First Fitna. Al-Hasan was known for donating to the poor, his kindness to the poor and bondmen, and for his knowledge, tolerance and bravery. For the rest of his life, Hasan lived in Medina, until he died at the age of 45 and was buried in the Jannat al-Baqi cemetery in Medina. His wife, Ja'da bint al-Ash'at, is commonly accused of having poisoned him.

Abdullah ibn Unais: Abdullah ibn Unais was a companion( Sahaba) of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. He participated in several military campaigns ordered by Muhammad. The first was to kill Khaled bin Sufyan Al- Hathali who belonged to the Banu Lahyan tribe at the time of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. Muhammad alleged that he was planning on attacking Madinah and inciting the people of Nakhla and Uranah to attack him. Therefore he sent Abdullah ibn Unais to assassinate him in 625 during the Expedition of Abdullah Ibn Unais. Abdullah ibn Unais found Hudayr in the company of his wife, when asked about his identity. Unais replied:" I am an arab tribesman who has heard of you and the Army you are raising to fight Muhammad, so i have come to join your ranks" Then Muhammad sent him on the Expedition of Al Raji. Some men requested that Muhammad send instructors to teach them Islam, but the men were bribed by the two tribes of Khuzaymah who wanted revenge for the assassination of Khalid bin Sufyan by Muhammad's followers

Fadl ibn Abbas: Fadl ibn Abbas( 611-639) was a brother of Abdullah ibn Abbas and was a cousin of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Abdullah ibn Hasan: Abdullah ibn Hasan (Arabic: عبدالله بن حسن) was the son of Hasan ibn Ali. He went to Karbala with his uncle (Hussain), and finally was killed at the battle of Karbala. Also, his name has been mentioned in Ziyarat Nahiya Muqaddasa.

Abid Hasan (cricketer): Abid Hasan( born 29 April 1995) is a Pakistani first- class cricketer who plays for Rawalpindi.

Obata Toramori: He was the father of Obata Masamori.