Pitch Perfect 2
Pitch Perfect 2 is a 2015 American musical comedy film directed and produced by Elizabeth Banks and written by Kay Cannon. It is a sequel to the 2012 film" Pitch Perfect" and the second installment in the" Pitch Perfect" film series. The film centers on the fictional Barden University Bellas, an all- female a cappella singing group, who try to beat out a competing German musical group in a world singing championship. The film features an ensemble cast, including Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson, Hailee Steinfeld, Brittany Snow, Hana Mae Lee, Alexis Knapp, Ester Dean, Chrissie Fit, Kelley Jakle, Kayleigh Lewinton and Shelley Regner, as well as Skylar Astin, Ben Platt, Adam DeVine, Anna Camp, John Michael Higgins, and Banks all reprising their roles. It was released in the United States on May 15, 2015 by Universal Pictures. The film received generally positive reviews from critics and grossed over$ 287 million worldwide. It surpassed the total gross of the original film($ 115.4 million) in five days, and also became the highest- grossing music comedy film of all- time, overtaking" School of Rock"($ 131.3 million). A sequel," Pitch Perfect 3", was released on December 22, 2017.

Adam DeVine
Adam Patrick DeVine( born November 7, 1983) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, screenwriter, producer, and singer. He is one of the stars and co-creators of the Comedy Central series" Workaholics", as well as" Adam DeVine's House Party". He plays the role of Bumper in the musical films" Pitch Perfect" and" Pitch Perfect 2" and Andy in the sitcom" Modern Family" and Adam Demamp in the sitcom" Workaholics". His other roles include" Neighbors The Intern The Final GirlsMike and Dave Need Wedding Dates Game Over, Man!" and" When We First Met". He has voiced characters in films including and" The Lego Batman Movie". DeVine has voiced characters on animated series" Uncle GrandpaVampirina", and" Green Eggs and Ham".

David Del Rio
David Del Rio is an American actor, director, and producer who has appeared in productions such as Pitch Perfect and Grease: Live, and has previously directed several short films. He graduated from New World School of the Arts in Miami, Florida, in 2006, and afterward graduated from the New York Conservatory for Dramatic Arts, School of Film and Television.

Lovers (1999 film)
Lovers is a 1999 French drama film directed by Jean-Marc Barr. It was the fifth film to be made under the self-imposed rules of the Dogme 95 manifesto.

Hana Mae Lee
Hana Mae Lee( born September 28, 1988) is an American actress, model, comedian, and fashion designer. She is best known for playing Lilly Onakuramara in the 2012 film" Pitch Perfect" and its sequels," Pitch Perfect 2"( 2015) and" Pitch Perfect 3"( 2017). She also owns her own fashion line titled" Hanamahn".

Pitch Perfect 3
Pitch Perfect 3 is a 2017 American musical comedy film directed by Trish Sie and written by Kay Cannon and Mike White. A sequel to "Pitch Perfect 2" (2015), and the third installment in the "Pitch Perfect" series, the film stars Anna Kendrick, Anna Camp, Rebel Wilson, Brittany Snow, Hailee Steinfeld, Hana Mae Lee, Ester Dean, Chrissie Fit, Alexis Knapp, John Lithgow, Matt Lanter, Ruby Rose, Kelley Jakle, Shelley Regner, Elizabeth Banks, and John Michael Higgins. The film follows the Bellas, now graduated from college, reuniting for one final performance together during an overseas USO tour. Principal photography on the film began in January 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia and ended in April 2017. The film was released in the United States on December 22, 2017, received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $185 million worldwide. It became the second-highest grossing musical comedy film of all time, behind only its predecessor.

Skylar Astin
Skylar Astin Lipstein( born September 23, 1987) is an American actor, model and singer. He became known for portraying Jesse Swanson in the musical films" Pitch Perfect"( 2012) and" Pitch Perfect 2"( 2015). He was also in the original cast of the Broadway musical" Spring Awakening", and has since appeared in films such as" Hamlet 2"( 2008)," Taking Woodstock"( 2009)," Cavemen"( 2013), and" 21& Over"( 2013). He is also well known for his role as Greg Serrano on the last season of" Crazy Ex- Girlfriend", a role originally played by Santino Fontana.

Jean-Marc Barr
Jean-Marc Barr (born 27 September 1960) is a French American film actor and director.

Trish Sie
Patricia Mary Sie (née Kulash; born October 11, 1971) is an American film and music video director, best known for directing the films  (2014) and "Pitch Perfect 3" (2017), as well as music videos, particularly for the alternative rock band OK Go. She has worked in film, television, commercials, music videos, stage, children's entertainment and ballroom DanceSport.

Chrissie Fit
Chrissie Fit( born April 3, 1984) is an American actress and singer. In 2007, Fit rose to prominence after she was cast as the character Mercedes Juarez in the medical drama," General Hospital". She is also known for her role as CheeChee in the DCOMs" Teen Beach Movie" and" Teen Beach 2", and for her role as Florencia" Flo" Fuentes in" Pitch Perfect 2" and" Pitch Perfect 3".