Everybody's Magazine
Everybody's Magazine was an American magazine published from 1899 to 1929. The magazine was headquartered in New York City.

Sportsnet Magazine
Sportsnet Magazine was a Canadian bi-weekly sports magazine published by Rogers Media in conjunction with its sports television channel Sportsnet. In January 2016 the magazine was redesigned as an online- only publication.

Western Story Magazine
Western Story Magazine was a pulp magazine published by Street& Smith, which ran from 1919 to 1949. It was the first of numerous pulp magazines devoted to Western fiction. In its heyday," Western Story Magazine" was one of the most successful pulp magazines; in 1921 the magazine was selling over half a million copies each issue. The headquarters was in New York City.

Hoog Spel
Hoog Spel(" High Game") was the first video games magazine in the Netherlands. The magazine was published by Rangeela B.V. between 1990 and 2000. The publisher of the magazine was Harry d’ Emme.

Scribner's Magazine
Scribner's Magazine was an American periodical published by the publishing house of Charles Scribner's Sons from January 1887 to May 1939. " Scribner's Magazine" was the second magazine out of the Scribner's firm, after the publication of" Scribner's Monthly". Charles Scribner's Sons spent over$ 500,000 setting up the magazine, to compete with the already successful" Harper's Monthly" and" The Atlantic MonthlyScribner's Magazine" was launched in 1887, and was the first of any magazine to introduce color illustrations. The magazine ceased publication in 1939. The magazine contained many engravings by famous artists of the 19th and early 20th centuries, as well as many famous authors of that time, including John Thomason, Elisabeth Woodbridge Morris and Clarence Cook, as well as President Theodore Roosevelt. The magazine had high sales when Roosevelt started contributing, reaching over 200,000, but gradually lost circulation after World War I.

The Century Magazine
The Century Magazine was first published in the United States in 1881 by The Century Company of New York City, which had been bought in that year by Roswell Smith and renamed by him after the Century Association. It was the successor of" Scribner's Monthly Magazine" and ceased publication in 1930.

American Monthly
American Monthly magazine was the original official monthly magazine published by the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution( NSDAR). The magazine was published between 1892 and 2001.

Picturegoer
Picturegoer was a fan magazine published in the United Kingdom between 1911 and 23 April 1960. Its primary focus was contemporary films and the performers who appeared in them.

Scribner's Monthly
Scribner's Monthly: An Illustrated Magazine for the People was an illustrated American literary periodical published from 1870 until 1881. Following sale of the company which produced it in 1881, the magazine was relaunched as" The Century Magazine."

UPraw – UK Student Magazine
UPraw Magazine was a national UK student magazine distributed through various university- related sites, student unions and selected Blackwell bookstores from 2001- 2002. The magazine was based in Bournemouth. The magazine was a full colour glossy publication and four issues were released. The cover and interviews stars included the BBC Radio 1 Disc Jockeys' Dream Team', the RnB act' Artful Dodger' and acting legend Robert De Niro. The magazine was a mix of student related current affairs and mostly humour based articles. The magazine proved very popular in smaller cities but was less successful in bigger cities where local student publications were more dominant. The magazine was also criticised in some quarters for not having enough of a political agenda and not advancing student issues. The magazine was established by Suzanne Miller who had previously edited the magazine" FastTimes". The magazine was co-edited by Nimalan Nades( also known by his real name Nimalan Nadesalingam) who had previously edited a local student magazine in Lincoln, England and who had also been a published as a writer for" FastTime". Many of the UPraw writers were also Lincoln based and included James Copper who had co-edited a local student magazine with Nimalan Nades previously. Another contributor was Jon Kirk who then went on to establish" Chalk", a rock- climbing magazine.