Joanna, Duchess of Brabant
Joanna, Duchess of Brabant( 24 June 1322 – 1 November 1406), also known as Jeanne, was a ruling Duchess of Brabant from 1355 until her death. She was the heiress of Duke John III, and Marie d' Évreux.

Louisa Montagu Douglas Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch
Louisa Jane Montagu Douglas Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch and Queensberry( 26 August 1836 – 16 March 1912) was the daughter of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn. In 1884, she became the Duchess of Buccleuch and Duchess of Queensberry, the wife of William Henry Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 6th Duke of Buccleuch& 8th Duke of Queensberry. She was the paternal grandmother of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester and of Marian Louisa, Lady Elmhirst, as well as the maternal great- grandmother of Prince William of Gloucester, Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester and great- great- grandmother of Sarah, Duchess of York.

Marie of Blois, Duchess of Anjou
Marie of Blois( 1345- 1404) was a daughter of Joanna, Duchess of Brittany and Charles, Duke of Brittany. Through marriage to Louis I, Duke of Anjou, she became Duchess of Anjou, Countess of Maine, Duchess of Touraine, titular Queen of Naples and Jerusalem and Countess of Provence.

Maria of Calabria
Maria of Calabria (6 May 1329 – 20 May 1366) was a Neapolitan princess of the Capetian House of Anjou whose descendants inherited the crown of Naples following the death of her older sister, Queen Joanna I.

Louis, Duke of Durazzo
Louis of Évreux( also called" of Navarre"; 1341 – 1376) was the youngest son of Philip III of Navarre and Joan II of Navarre. He inherited the county of Beaumont- le- Roger from his father( 1343) and became Duke of Durazzo in right of his second wife, Joanna, in 1366. Louis's first marriage was to Maria de Lizarazu in 1358. He took part on behalf of his brother Charles II of Navarre in the war against the Dauphin Charles. His second marriage to Joanna, Duchess of Durazzo, brought him the rights to Durazzo and the Kingdom of Albania, which he strove to recover. He received assistance from both his brother and the king of France in this undertaking, for Durazzo( the remnant of the kingdom) was in the hands of Charles Thopia. In 1372, he brought over the Navarrese Company of mercenaries, who had fought with him during the war in France, to assist him in taking Durazzo. Their ranks swelled considerably in 1375 with new recruits directly from Navarre. Many documents survive telling us of the complex nature of the military planning and engineering which was undertaken to ensure success. This they attained, taking the city in midsummer 1376. Louis died shortly after.

Emma Harrison
Emma Harrison is an actress, model and dancer, best known for the role of Joanna Hartman in the Australian soap- opera" Neighbours".

Louis, Count of Gravina
Louis of Durazzo (1324 – 22 July 1362) was Count of Gravina and Morrone. He was the son of John of Gravina and Agnes of Périgord. In 1337, he was named Vicar- and Captain-General of the Kingdom of Albania. During the ascension of the Durazzeschi at the court of Naples during the reign of Joanna I, he was one of the royal ambassadors to the Roman Curia. Upon the invasion of Louis I of Hungary and the execution of his elder brother, Charles, Duke of Durazzo, in 1348, he was imprisoned, with his younger brother Robert of Durazzo, until 1352. The rest of his life was spent stirring up revolts against Joanna in Apulia with the aid of some Free Companions. These were ultimately quashed in 1360 by Louis of Taranto, and Louis of Durazzo was imprisoned in the Castel dell'Ovo in Naples and murdered by poison.

Agnes of Périgord
Agnes of Périgord( died 1345) was Duchess consort of Durazzo, through her marriage to John of Gravina, Duke of Durazzo, who was also the ruler of the Kingdom of Albania. Although Agnes was never styled as Queen consort, she became politically influential. Following the death of Robert, King of Naples in 1343, she organised a marriage for her eldest son to Robert's granddaughter, who was second- in- line to the Neapolitan throne. Agnes's ambition was to bring her family closer to the line of succession.

Charles, Duke of Durazzo
Charles of Durazzo( 1323 – 23 January 1348) was a Neapolitan nobleman, the eldest son of John, Duke of Durazzo and Agnes of Périgord.

Joanna, Duchess of Durazzo
Joanna of Durazzo (1344 – 20 July 1387) was the eldest daughter and eldest surviving child of Charles, Duke of Durazzo, and his wife, Maria of Calabria. She succeeded as duchess on the death of her father in 1348 when she was only a child of four years old. Joanna was a member of the House of Anjou-Durazzo. She reigned as Duchess of Durazzo from 1348-1368. She married twice; firstly to Louis of Navarre and then to Robert IV of Artois, Count of Eu.