Impasse de la vignette
Impasse de la vignette or Un été après l'autre is a 1990 French-Belgian-Canadian comedy-drama film written and directed by Anne-Marie Etienne and starring Annie Cordy.

The Coastline
The Coastline is a film by Peter Greenaway, made in 1983. It is also known as The Sea in Their Blood, and exhibited at the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich, London, as Beside the Sea. It is a mockumentary or" artificial documentary", featuring images of the British seaside and voiceovers of endless unsubstantiated statistics. For example:" Most fish is eaten in Britain fried in batter and breadcrumbs. 10 percent is boiled, 5 percent grilled, 3 percent is steamed. Very little is eaten raw except by cats and in Japanese restaurants, 29 in London and 1 in Milton Keynes." Produced by Annabel Olivier Wright

Butterfly on the Shoulder
Butterfly on the Shoulder( or Un papillon sur l'épaule) is a French drama, thriller film directed by Jacques Deray.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.

An Air So Pure
An Air So Pure or Un air si pur ... is a 1997 French comedy- drama film directed by Yves Angelo.

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.

Step by Step (2002 film)
Step by Step or Un honnête commerçant is a 2002 Belgium comedy - thriller film directed by Philippe Blasband.

A Summer in St. Tropez
A Summer in St. Tropez or Un été à Saint- Tropez( original French title) is a 1983 French film directed by photographer David Hamilton.

The Fabulous Senorita
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.

Un Elefante color ilusión
Un Elefante color ilusión is a 1970 Argentine film.