St. Mary High School (Rutherford, New Jersey): St. Mary High School is a four- year Roman Catholic high school located in Rutherford, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, operating under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Newark. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 2004. The school was established in September 1929, with instruction provided through the Sisters of St. Dominic of Caldwell, New Jersey. The school's building was dedicated and opened on November 5, 1932. As of the 2015- 16 school year, the school had an enrollment of 225 students and 22.0 classroom teachers( on an FTE basis), for a student – teacher ratio of 10.2:1. The school's student body was 51.1% White, 27.6% Hispanic, 4.0% Asian, 3.1% Black, 0.9% American Indian/ Alaska Native and 13.3% two or more races.

St. Teresa High School (Decatur, Illinois): St. Teresa High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Decatur, Illinois. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Illinois.

St. Vincent–St. Mary High School: St. Vincent – St. Mary High School is a co-educational college preparatory Catholic high school in Akron, Ohio.

St. Mary's High School (Lynn, Massachusetts): St. Mary's High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Lynn, Massachusetts. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston.

St. Mary's High School, Quetta: St. Mary's High School, Quetta, is a high school located in Quetta, the capital of the Balochistan province of Pakistan.

St. Mary's High School, Jorhat: St. Mary's High School is a high school in Jorhat, Assam, India.

St. Mary High School (Royal Oak, Michigan): St. Mary High School was a coeducational Catholic high school in Royal Oak, Michigan, United States. It closed in 1985.

St. Mary High School (Dell Rapids, South Dakota): St. Mary High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school in Dell Rapids, South Dakota. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux Falls. School colors for St. Mary High School are Red and White. The school's mascot is the Cardinal.

Mother Teresa High School: St. Mother Teresa High School is a Catholic secondary school in the Nepean district of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It supports grades 7–12. The name of its sports team is the 'Titans'. The motto of the school is "Amor et Dignitas" or "love and dignity."

St. Mary's High School (Natchitoches, Louisiana): St. Mary's High School is a private coeducational Roman Catholic high school in Natchitoches, Louisiana located in the Diocese of Alexandria.