Arthur Beauchamp
Arthur Beauchamp( 1827 – 28 April 1910) was a Member of Parliament from New Zealand. He is remembered as the father of Harold Beauchamp, who rose to fame as chairman of the Bank of New Zealand and was the father of writer Katherine Mansfield.

John Templeton (botanist)
John Templeton( 1766–1825) was an early Irish naturalist and botanist. He is often referred to as the" Father of Irish Botany". He was the father of naturalist, artist and entomologist Robert Templeton.

Obata Toramori
He was the father of Obata Masamori.

Cleomenes II
Cleomenes II( died 309 BC) was Agiad King of Sparta from 369 to 309 BC. The son of Cleombrotus I, he succeeded his brother Agesipolis II. He was the father of Acrotatus I, the father of Areus I, and of Cleonymus, the father of Leonidas II.

Eystein Glumra
Eystein Glumra(" Eystein the Noisy" or" Eystein the Clatterer"; Modern Norwegian" Øystein Glumra") also known as Eystein Ivarsson, was reputedly a petty king on the west coast of Norway, during the 9th Century. The" Heimskringla" saga states that Eystein Glumra was the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson and Sigurd Eysteinsson:" The first earl in the Orkney Islands was called Sigurd, who was a son of Eystein Glumra, and brother of Ragnvald earl of More. After Sigurd, his son Guthorm was earl for one year. After him Torf- Einar, a son of Ragnvald, took the earldom, and was long earl, and was a man of great power". According to the" Orkneyinga Saga", Eystein Glumra was the son of Ivar the jarl of Uplanders and grandson of Halfdan the Old. " Orkneyinga Saga" also named Eystein Glumra as the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson:" Heiti, Gorr ’s son, was father of Sveiði the sea-king,[ who was] the father of Halfdan the old,[ who was] the father of Ivar the Uplanders ’ earl,[ who was] the father of Eystein the noisy,[ who was] the father of earl Rognvald the mighty and wise in council". Linnea Hartsuyker's books The Half- drowned King and The Sea Queen cover the lives of Eystein's children.

Jorge Sapag
Jorge Augusto Sapag (b. July 18, 1951) is an Argentine politician and lawyer, a member of the Neuquino People's Movement (MPN) and governor of Neuquén Province in Argentina since 2007. Born in Zapala, Neuquén Province, Jorge Sapag is a member of a prominent family in the politics of Neuquén Province. He is the son of the late senator Elías Sapag, nephew of Felipe Sapag, five times governor of the province and brother of Luz María Sapag, former senator and provincial deputy and current elected mayor of San Martín de los Andes. In 1976 Sapag completed his law studies at the Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina. Between 1991 and 1995 he worked at the government ministries of education and justice of Neuquén. In 1999 was elected Vice Governor of the province, and in 2007, he was elected Governor of the province for a term ending in 2011.

Anacyndaraxes
Anacyndaraxes was the father of Sardanapalus, king of Assyria.

Takayama Tomoteru
He was the father of Takayama Ukon, and was a Kirishitan.

Elías Sapag
Elías Canaán Sapag (Arabic: إلياس كنعان صباغ) (August 5, 1911 – June 21, 1993) was a Lebanese-born Argentine politician, long-serving senator for Neuquén Province, founder of the Neuquén People's Movement and head of the locally influential Sapag family. Sapag was born in Mayrouba, in the Keserwan District, Lebanon, and emigrated with his parents to Argentina in 1913. They arrived in Covunco, Neuquén, where his grandfather had already set up home, and moved on to Zapala. His parents had several more children, including his brothers Felipe, Amado and José. The family were successful in business, but the 1930 economic collapse brought great hardship. Sapag and his brothers were forced to give up their education to work to support the family and they moved to Cutral Có to set up a company. He and his brothers played leading roles in the community, and became leading Peronist activists. Elías chaired the Settlement Committee ("Comisión de Fomento") of the town whilst Felipe was secretary, helping newcomers to settle in the new town. Felipe later became the first mayor of Cutral-Có, and Amado became mayor of Zapala. Following the military coup d'etat and the banning of the Peronist movement, Sapag and his brothers founded the Neuquino People's Movement, a provincial political party able to contest elections. Originally called 'Provincial Politics', it came into being on June 4, 1961, and Elías became party president. He was elected to the Argentine Senate in 1963, whilst Felipe was elected Governor of Neuquén and would serve on four further occasions until the 1990s. Having been deposed by the military in 1966, Elías Sapag was re-elected to the Senate in 1973, and returned to Congress in 1983 upon the restoration of democracy, serving until his death in 1993. He was one of Argentina's longest-serving senators. Sapag married Alma Cavallo, and they had seven children. His son Rodolfo 'Pipe' Sapag succeeded him as senator, his daughter, Luz Sapag, was next to become a senator herself, whilst another son Jorge served as vice-governor and from 2007 as governor of Neuquén.

Inoue Masaru (bureaucrat)
Viscount was the first Director of Railways in Japan and is known as the" father of the Japanese railways".