Shammi Kapoor
Shammi Kapoor (born Shamsher Raj Kapoor; 21 October 1931 – 14 August 2011) was an Indian film actor and director. He was a prominent lead actor in Hindi cinema from the Mid 1950s until the early 1970s and also made a debut in Tamil cinema with the 1992 blockbuster crime drama "Amaran". He received the Filmfare Best Actor Award in 1968 for his performance in "Brahmachari" and Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for "Vidhaata" in 1982. Shammi Kapoor is hailed as one of the most entertaining lead actors that Hindi cinema has ever produced. He was one of the leading stars of Hindi cinema during the late 1950s, the 1960s and early 1970s. He made his Hindi Film debut in 1953 with the film "Jeewan Jyoti", and went on to deliver superhits like "Tumsa Nahin DekhaDil Deke DekhoJungleeProfessorRajkumarKashmir Ki KaliTeesri ManzilAn Evening in ParisBrahmachariSachaai" and "Andaz".

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Manoranjan
Manoranjan  is a 1974 Indian Hindi film directed by Shammi Kapoor. It is a remake of "Irma La Douce". Sanjeev Kumar plays Jack Lemmon's role, Zeenat Aman Shirley MacLaine's and Shammi Kapoor plays Lou Jacobi's. Hotel Casanova is called Hotel Mauj!. Among the rest of the cast are Paintal, Asit Sen and Dev Kumar. "Manoranjan" is perhaps the only Hindi movie where prostitution was presented as a 'fun' activity without moralising and the lead actress sleeps with men other than the hero and is not an issue. For 1974 the film in India was a revolution, and was panned by the critics and the audience due to the sense of immorality.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."