Dinky Toys
Dinky Toys was the brand name for a range of die-cast zamac zinc alloy miniature vehicles produced by Meccano Ltd. They were made in England from 1934 to 1979, at a factory in Binns Road in Liverpool. Dinky Toys were among the most popular diecast vehicles ever made – pre-dating other popular diecast marques, including Corgi, Matchbox and Mattel's Hot Wheels (Ralston 2009, 7; Richardson 1999, 128).

Moores
Moores the Suit People, Inc., operating as Moores Clothing for Men, is a Canadian company specializing in business clothing and formalwear for men, similar to Tip Top Tailors or Classys. It is an affiliate of Men's Wearhouse from the USA.

NMC Jhapa
The Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. was established in 1994 March 8 by 26 Founder Members. It was established first with Shree Bachat Tatha Rin Sahakari Sanstha Li. and received authorization from Nepal Rastra Bank to run Limited Banking transactions. Later the Name was changed to Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.

Tip Top Tailors
Tip Top Tailors is a Canadian retail clothing chain, selling primarily menswear: suits, tuxedo rentals, casual wear, sportswear and outerwear; as well, each store has an in- house tailor( provides tailoring for men and women). This company is quite similar to Moores, a well- known company which also sells menswear. Tip Top Tailors operates 102 stores across Canada and is a division of Grafton- Fraser Inc. The first Tip Top Tailors opened in 1909.

Tip-Top Restaurant
Tip- Top"( often referred to as' Pollo Tip- Top')" is a national chain of restaurants in Nicaragua, predominantly selling chicken. It is headquartered in the country's capital city of Managua and is a franchise of Tip Top Industry.

Moose Toys
Moose Toys( or Moose Enterprises or Moose Creative Management Pty Ltd) is an Australian- owned toy design, development and distribution company founded in 1985. Moose products are sold in 85 countries and is currently the fifth largest toy manufacturer in Australia and fourth largest in the United States.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

Tip Top Bakeries
Tip Top Bakeries is an Australasian manufacturer of bread products owned by George Weston Foods, a subsidiary of multinational food giant Associated British Foods.

Tip Top (ice cream)
Tip Top ice cream, is now owned by Froneri,( a joint venture between PAI Partners and Nestle), but was formerly Fonterra Brands( Tip Top) Ltd, a subsidiary of the Fonterra Co- operative Group based in Auckland, New Zealand.

Tip Top Tailors Building
The Tip Top Tailors Building, now known as the 'Tip Top Lofts' is a former 1920s industrial building converted to condominium lofts in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located on 637 Lake Shore Boulevard West just west of Bathurst Street, near the waterfront. It was the former headquarters of Tip Top Tailors Ltd., a Canadian menswear retailer.