Georg Jacoby
Georg Jacoby( 23 July 1882 – 21 February 1964) was a German film director and screenwriter.

Little Theatre (Rochester, New York)
The Little Theatre in Rochester, New York, commonly known as" The Little" is a movie theatre located on historic East Avenue in downtown Rochester, New York and a modest non-profit multiplex specializing in art film, including independent and foreign productions outside the United States. Founded in 1928, The Little is one of the oldest active movie theaters built specifically to show films in the US, serving as an alternative venue for cinema of higher artistic caliber than what was popular at the time. To remain in business, The Little has created a unique theater experience for its patrons strikingly different from that of standard commercial cinemas. The Little typically shows films that never make it to the large theater chains, either due to lack of publicity, popularity, exposure, or content that is too risky and/ or inappropriate for larger audiences( such as NC- 17 rated films). Foreign films, independent films, some documentary films and art films are its common fare. The Little is unique in the area in treating anime films as artistic cinema, and titles by the likes of Hayao Miyazaki always find their way to The Little's screens. Critics at The Little provide a synopsis of any film they intend to show, both on their website and posted around their ticket booths on the street. The Little also offers live musical performances from local musicians, a rotating art gallery of local artists, and a cafe. Additionally, The Little serves as a performance venue during the Rochester International Jazz Festival each June. The Little is also the home of the Little Theatre Film Society, a group of theater aficionados in the Rochester area. The Little survives largely due to the hard work and dedication of the society's members. The theater is currently operated with the participation of the WXXI Public Broadcasting Council, a non-profit community organization which owns and operates the region's principal public radio and television stations. The Little has become part of Rochester's extensive theater culture. Rochester has a rich history in cinema, being the home of the Eastman Kodak company and the George Eastman Museum. Kodak film was historically used in a majority of motion pictures( and still is today), creating close ties to the movie industry in Rochester society. The Little Theatre Film Society holds film festivals throughout the year, many of them hosted at The Little. The theatre is well known by any serious cinema patron in Rochester for providing an alternative to standard Hollywood commercial fare. The Little has also avoided the negative reputation for snobbishness that is sometimes associated with art house cinema, cultivating the image of a venue for anyone who is simply seeking an alternative or a community that celebrates cinema. The word" Theatre" is often used instead of the word" Theater" to distinguish between art house cinemas and the more common variety. Theatre is an older form of the word, though both words share the same literal meaning. The Little uses the older form both to make this distinction and due to the age of the theater itself.

Clifford Washington Kissinger
Clifford Washington Kissinger( February 6, 1874 – January 28, 1938), of Pennsylvania, was a philatelist, known to his friends as Cliff, and to some of his fellow stamp collectors as “" the little Napoleon of philately". ”

Napoleon and the Catholic Church
The relationship between Napoleon and the Catholic Church was an important aspect of his rule.

Mr. Right (2009 film)
Mr. Right is a 2009 British film directed by David Morris and Jacqui Morris. The jointly- made gay- themed film is the debut for both directors.

The Little Napoleon
The Little Napoleon is a 1923 German silent historical comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Egon von Hagen, Paul Heidemann and Harry Liedtke. It depicts the life and amorous adventures of Jérôme Bonaparte, the younger brother of Napoleon, who installed him as King of Westphalia. The film is best known for the small role played by Marlene Dietrich as Kathrin, a lady's maid. Her brief appearance was filmed over several days during the summer of 1922. It marked Dietrich's film debut, though she was later unhappy with her early silent films. She was cast after impressing the director, Georg Jacoby, during a meeting arranged for them. Dietrich played gradually more substantial roles during the rest of the decade until her breakthrough film" The Blue Angel"( 1930). The film was made by the European Film Alliance( EFA), a failed attempt by the American firm Paramount to establish a production base in the lucrative German market. The EFA was wound up shortly after the film's completion, which delayed its release. It finally premièred on 29 November 1923 at the Marmorhaus in Berlin. " The Little Napoleon" is one of many works from 1923 that entered the public domain in the United States in 2019.

Napoleon and Josephine
Napoleon and Josephine may refer to:

Black Gravel
Black Gravel( German: Schwarzer Kies) is a 1961 West German drama film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Ingmar Zeisberg and Anita Höfer. The screenplay was written by Käutner and Walter Ulbrich. The film was shot in Lautzenhausen, Germany. The film's sets were designed by the art director. While the interiors were shot at the Tempelhof Studios in Berlin, Location shooting took place at Hahn Air Base.

Helmut Käutner
Helmut Käutner( born 25 March 1908 in Düsseldorf, Germany; died 20 April 1980 in Castellina in Chianti, Italy) was a German film director active mainly in the 1940s and 1950s. He began his career at the end of the Weimar Republic and had released his first major films in Nazi Germany. His 1956 film" Der Hauptmann von Köpenick" was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards. Three years later, his film" The Rest Is Silence" was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.

Clifford Washington Kissinger
Clifford Washington Kissinger( February 6, 1874 – January 28, 1938), of Pennsylvania, was a philatelist, known to his friends as Cliff, and to some of his fellow stamp collectors as “" the little Napoleon of philately". ”