Men with Brooms
Men with Brooms is a 2002 Canadian romantic comedy film, starring and directed by Paul Gross. Centred on the sport of curling, the offbeat comedy tells the story of a reunited curling team from a small Canadian town as they work through their respective life issues and struggle to win the championship for the sake of their late coach. The cast also includes Connor Price, Leslie Nielsen, Peter Outerbridge, Kari Matchett, Molly Parker and Polly Shannon. Members of the Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip make a cameo appearance in the film as a competing rink representing Kingston, Ontario, the band's home city. Winnipeg curler and three- time Brier champion Jeff Stoughton also made a cameo appearance throwing his trademark" spin- o-rama" shot. A television adaptation, also titled" Men with Brooms" debuted October 4, 2010 on CBC Television for the 2010- 11 television season.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

The Sleeping Prince
The Sleeping Prince may refer to

The Sleeping Tiger
The Sleeping Tiger is a 1954 film noir starring Alexis Smith and Dirk Bogarde. It was Joseph Losey's first British feature, which he directed under the pseudonym of Victor Hanbury due to being blacklisted in the McCarthy Era.

Men with Brooms (TV series)
Men with Brooms is a Canadian television sitcom, which debuted on CBC Television on October 4, 2010. It is a television adaptation of the 2002 film" Men with Brooms", and was filmed in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The series stars Brendan Gall, William Vaughan, Joel Keller, Anand Rajaram, Aliyah O' Brien, Glenda Braganza, and Siobhan Murphy. The show's producer, Paul Gross, narrates and makes occasional appearances as Chris Cutter, his character in the original film. " Men with Brooms" aired for one season and was not renewed.

The Sleeping Room
The Sleeping Room is a 2014 British horror film that was directed by John Shackleton. It had its world premiere on 23 August 2014 at the London Fright Fest Film Festival and stars Leila Mimmack as a call girl who finds herself entangled in a series of strange events surrounding a hidden room. Funding for" The Sleeping Room" was raised using equity crowdfunding and is credited as being the first British film to use this method.

The Prince and the Showgirl
The Prince and the Showgirl( originally called" The Sleeping Prince") is a 1957 British- American romantic comedy film starring Marilyn Monroe and Laurence Olivier. Olivier also served as director and producer. The screenplay by Terence Rattigan was based on his 1953 stage play" The Sleeping Prince". It was filmed at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Men with Brooms (soundtrack)
Men with Brooms is the soundtrack album to the Canadian film" Men with Brooms", released in 2002.

The Sleeping Soul
The Sleeping Soul is an independent supernatural horror film written and directed by film writer and producer Shawn Burkett. The story centers on Grace( Ayse Howard) as she is haunted after the traumatic death of her husband( Corey A. Thrush). The film was released in March 2012.