Henry Luttrell, 2nd Earl of Carhampton: General Henry Lawes Luttrell, 2nd Earl of Carhampton PC( 7 August 1743 – 25 April 1821) was a politician and soldier. He was the son of Simon Luttrell, 1st Earl of Carhampton, and brother- in- law of Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn.

Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester: Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester,( born Alice Christabel Montagu Douglas Scott; 25 December 1901 – 29 October 2004) was the wife of Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, the third son of King George V and Queen Mary. She was the mother of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester. The daughter of the 7th Duke of Buccleuch, Scotland's largest landowner, she became by marriage a princess of the United Kingdom, and a sister- in- law to Edward VIII and George VI. She was thus an aunt by marriage to Elizabeth II. Princess Alice was extremely well travelled, both before and after her marriage.

Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn: Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn (Henry Frederick; 7 November 1745 – 18 September 1790) was the sixth child and fourth son of Frederick, Prince of Wales, and Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha, and a younger brother of George III. His 1771 marriage to a commoner against the King's wishes prompted the Royal Marriages Act of 1772 .

Ann Elliot: Ann Elliot( 16 November 1743 – 30 May 1769) was a British courtesan and actress. She appeared in comedies in London and Dublin. She had relationships with her mentor Arthur Murphy, with Augustus Hervey, 3rd Earl of Bristol and with Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland.

Anne, Duchess of Cumberland and Strathearn: Anne, Duchess of Cumberland and Strathearn( née Anne Luttrell, later Horton; 24 January 1743 – 28 December 1808) was a member of the British Royal Family, the wife of Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn.

Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha: Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (– 8 February 1772) was Princess of Wales by marriage to Frederick, Prince of Wales. She was one of only four Princesses of Wales who never became queen consort, as her eldest son succeeded her father-in-law as George III of the United Kingdom in 1760 rather than her spouse, who had died nine years earlier. Augusta was presumptive regent of Great Britain in the event of a regency between the death of her spouse in 1751, until the majority of her son in 1756, though in the event her father-in-law, George II, lived until 1760.

Lavinia Ryves: Lavinia Jannetta Horton Ryves, née Lavinia Serres( 16 March 1797 – 7 December 1871), was a British woman claiming to be a member of the British royal family, calling herself" Princess Lavinia of Cumberland". Born in Liverpool, England, Lavinia was the daughter of Olivia Serres and John Thomas Serres. Olivia Serres gained notoriety by claiming to be the daughter of Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn, a younger brother of King George III of the United Kingdom. In 1822 Lavinia married Anthony Ryves, a portrait painter. They were divorced in 1841. In 1844" Princess Lavinia" tried to take Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington to court for having" overlooked", as George III's executor, a bequest of £ 15,000 to Olivia. In 1850 Lavinia published a pamphlet requesting financial aid from Queen Victoria. In 1866, aged sixty- nine, Princess Lavinia asked the Court of Probate to declare her the legitimate granddaughter of the Duke of Cumberland and award her the £ 15,000 bequest" left" by George III. In the process of the 1866 trial, Lavinia produced several remarkable documents attesting to her claims, and a handwriting expert testified to the authenticity of George III's and James Wilmot's signatures. Testimony was introduced that in fact the Duke of Kent had supported Olivia financially, and had spoken of Olivia as" my cousin Serres", apparently believing her story. The trial was most considered remarkable, perhaps, for the claims made by Dr. Walter Smith, Lavinia's barrister, that George III had been privately married to a Quaker, Hannah Lightfoot, and that in consequence thereof, neither George IV nor Queen Victoria had any right to the throne. Lavinia's case, however, quickly ran into difficulties: in some of the submitted documents, George III had" signed" his name as" George Guelph"; in others, William Pitt and Lord Brook had" signed" as earls before they had in fact become earls. The court found that Lavinia was the legitimate daughter of John and Olivia Serres and was not the granddaughter of the Duke of Cumberland. The court did not prosecute Lavinia for forgery: Lavinia maintained she believed in good faith that the documents left her by Olivia were genuine. It is thought that the documents were in fact forged at the behest of Olivia, rather than Lavinia, perhaps by William FitzClarence, Olivia's boyfriend, who had calligraphic talents. Lavinia continued to write pamphlets in support of her claims, and her case was reheard by the House of Lords. She died with her claims unrecognized.

Almeria Carpenter: Lady Almeria Carpenter( 1752 – 1809) was a British courtier and mistress of Prince William Henry, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh.

Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 8th Duke of Buccleuch: Walter John Montagu Douglas Scott, 8th Duke of Buccleuch and 10th Duke of Queensberry,( 30 December 1894 – 4 October 1973) was a Scottish peer and Conservative politician. He was the son of John Montagu Douglas Scott, 7th Duke of Buccleuch and Lady Margaret Alice" Molly" Bridgeman. His sister, Alice, married Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester( one of the paternal uncles of Queen Elizabeth II) in 1935, becoming a member of the British Royal Family.

John Dunne (chief constable): Sir John Dunne( 1825 – 5 January 1906) was the Chief Constable of Cumberland and Westmorland Constabulary for 45 years.