Movie (disambiguation)
A movie is a type of video (see film). Movie, Movies, The Movie, or The Movies may also refer to:

The Redemption of David Corson
The Redemption of David Corson is a lost 1914 silent film drama directed by Frederick A. Thomson and starring William Farnum. It was produced by Daniel Frohman and Adolph Zukor. This story was based on a novel" The Redemption of David Corson" by Charles Frederic Goss. In 1906 Lottie Blair Parker, of" Way Down East" fame, wrote a Broadway play version.

The Movies: Stunts & Effects
The Movies: Stunts and Effects is an expansion pack for the PC business simulation game" The Movies". The expansion pack is developed by Lionhead Studios. It was released in June 2006. The Mac version of The Movies: Stunts and Effects was developed by Robosoft Technologies and published by Feral Interactive. It was released during Macworld 2008.

The Redemption (film)
The Redemption( Italian: Il riscatto) is a 1924 Italian silent film directed by Guglielmo Zorzi and starring Carmen Boni.

3 Avengers
3 Avengers( also spelled as" The 3 Avengers" and" The Three Avengers") is a 1964 Italian peplum film written and directed by Gianfranco Parolini and starring Alan Steel.

The Muppets Go to the Movies
The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".

Nigel Wingrove
Nigel Wingrove( born 26 October 1957) is the founder of the horror film company Salvation Films and the Redemption film label and creator of the online alternative female collective, the Satanic Sluts. He is also a film director and the only director to have had a film banned in the UK on the grounds of blasphemy.

At the Movies
At the Movies may refer to:

A Night at the Movies
A Night at the Movies can be:

Polly of the Movies
Polly of the Movies is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Jason Robards, Gertrude Short and Corliss Palmer. It is loosely based on Harry Leon Wilson's 1922 novel" Merton of the Movies" and its various film adaptations.