I Won't Forget You (Jim Reeves song)
" I Wo n't Forget You" is a single by American singer Jim Reeves. It was released in 1964 by RCA Victor and peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart. It was the 56th biggest- selling single in the United Kingdom during the 1960s.

Can't Forget You (Gloria Estefan song)
" Ca n't Forget You" is a single by American singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan. It was released in 1991 as the third single from Estefan's second solo album" Into the Light".

I Forgot to Remember to Forget
" I Forgot to Remember to Forget" is a 1955 country song first recorded by Elvis Presley written by Stan Kesler and Charlie Feathers.

Can't Remember to Forget You
"Can't Remember to Forget You" is a song recorded by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira from her fourth English and overall tenth studio album, "Shakira", featuring Barbadian singer Rihanna. Shakira began planning to new music in 2011; work continued into 2012, at which time she left her previous label Epic Records and joined RCA Records. The song was released as the lead single of the album on 13 January 2014 through RCA Records and Sony Latin Iberia. A solo Spanish-language version of the song, entitled "Nunca Me Acuerdo de Olvidarte", was released on 24 January 2014. The song was co-written by Shakira, Rihanna, John Hill, Tom "Kid Harpoon" Hull, Daniel Alexander, and Erik Hassle, while production was handled by Shakira, Hill, and Hull. "Can't Remember to Forget You" is an uptempo track that fuses reggae, rock and new wave pop. Lyrically the song revolves around forgetting someone who is bad even though you love the person. Upon its release, "Can't Remember to Forget You" was met with mixed reviews from critics; while critics praised the ska influences, they felt that the song overall was not memorable. Other critics noted similarities between the song and the music of The Police and Bruno Mars. Commercially, the single fared well, peaking at eleven in the United Kingdom; the song also peaked within the top ten of Spain, France, Germany and Switzerland. In the US the song debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at twenty-eight and later went on to peak at fifteen on the chart, becoming Shakira's highest-debuting track in the region. The music video, which was shot in a Los Angeles mansion, was directed by Joseph Kahn and was premiered and uploaded to YouTube on 30 January 2014. The accompanying video featured both Shakira and Rihanna in revealing outfits and a "naked embrace". The song was performed live for the first time on iHeartRadio.

Can't Forget You (Sonia song)
" Ca n't Forget You" was Sonia's second single, released in September 1989. The mid- tempo song later appeared on her debut album," Everybody Knows", released in 1990. Contrary to fan speculation," Ca n't Forget You" was written specifically for Sonia by Stock Aitken Waterman; it was not initially offered to Kylie Minogue.

Distant Lover
" Distant Lover" is the sixth song issued on singer Marvin Gaye's 1973 album," Let's Get It On" and the b-side of the second single from that album," Come Get to This." A live recording was issued as a single in 1974. The live version of the song was Gaye's most successful single during the three- year gap between" Let's Get It On" and his following 1976 album," I Want You".

Katy Too
" Katy Too" is a song co-written and originally recorded by Johnny Cash. The song was recorded by Cash at Sun Records on May 28, 1958 and released by Sun as a single( Sun 321, with" I Forgot to Remember to Forget" on the opposite side) in June 1959, when he already left the label for Columbia.

Fuck You (CeeLo Green song)
" Fuck You"( stylized as" Fuck You!" or" F**k You!"), also titled" Forget You" or" FU" for the clean versions, is a song by American recording artist CeeLo Green. It was written as a collaboration between Green, Bruno Mars, the Smeezingtons, and Brody Brown and produced by the Smeezingtons. It was released on August 19, 2010 as the first single from Green's third solo studio album," The Lady Killer"( 2010). " Fuck You" received positive reviews from music critics, and was an international commercial success, making the top- 10 in thirteen countries, including topping charts in the United Kingdom, and number two on the" Billboard" Hot 100.

Never Forget You
Never Forget You may refer to:

Can't Forget You
Can't Forget You may refer to: