Ismat ad-Din Khatun
ʿ Iṣmat ad- Dīn Khātūn( died January 26, 1186), also known as Asimat, was the daughter of Mu'in ad- Din Unur, regent of Damascus, and wife of two of the greatest Muslim generals of the 12th century, Nur ad- Din and Saladin. " Ismat ad- Din" is a" laqab"( the descriptive part of an Arabic name) meaning" purity of the faith Khatun" is an honorific meaning" lady" or" noblewoman". Her given name(" ism") is unknown. Her father became regent of Damascus in 1138, and ruled the city on behalf of a series of young emirs of the Burid dynasty. During this time, Damascus' chief rivals to the north, Aleppo and Mosul, were united under the rule of the Zengid dynasty. Damascus had maintained an unsteady alliance with the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1147, Mu'in ad- Din negotiated an alliance with the Zengid emir of Aleppo, Nur ad- Din, who married Ismat ad- Din as part of the agreement. The next year, the Second Crusade besieged Damascus, and Mu'in ad- Din was forced to recognize Nur ad- Din, who had come to his rescue against the crusaders, as overlord of the city. Ismat ad- Din Khatun's father died in 1149 and her husband gained complete control over Damascus by 1154. When Nur ad- Din died in 1174, King Amalric I of Jerusalem took advantage of the situation and besieged the city of Banias. Ismat offered him a bribe to lift the siege, but, hoping for a larger offer, Amalric continued the siege for two weeks, until finally accepting the money along with the release of twenty Christian prisoners. William of Tyre describes Ismat as having" courage beyond that of most women" in this matter. Nur ad- Din's general Saladin had meanwhile gained control over Egypt, and claimed Damascus as his successor; he legitimized this claim by marrying Ismat at- Din in 1176. She was apparently not his only wife. However, by the time she died in 1186, Saladin was writing letters to her every day; as he was himself recovering from a lengthy illness at the time, news of her death was kept from him for three months. She had no children with either Nur ad- Din or Saladin. In Damascus she was the benefactor of numerous religious buildings, including a" madrasa" and a mausoleum for her father. She was buried in the Jamaa' al- Jadid in Damascus.

Sabr ad-Din II
Sabr ad- Din II( died 1422 or 1423) was a Somali Sultan of Adal and the oldest son of Sa'ad ad- Din II. Sabr ad- Din returned to the Horn of Africa from Yemen to reclaim his father's realm, but was defeated in battle by the Emperor of Ethiopia Yeshaq.

Muhammad ibn Badlay
Muhammad ibn Badlay( reigned 1445 – 1471) was a Somali Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal. He was the son of Badlay ibn Sa'ad ad- Din.

Badlay ibn Sa'ad ad-Din
Badlay ibn Sa'ad ad- Din II( also known as Sihab ad- Din Ahmad Badlay, Arwe Badlay –" Badlay the Beast" in Somali)( died 1445) was a Somali Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal and a son of Sa'ad ad- Din II.

Mansur ad-Din of Adal
Mansur ad-Din  (died 1424) was a Somali Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal and a son of Sa'ad ad-Din II.

Shams ad-Din ibn Muhammad
Shams ad- Din ibn Muhammad( reigned 1472 – 1487) was a Somali Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal and a son of Muhammad ibn Badlay.

Saif ad-Din Ghazi I
Saif ad- Din Ghazi I( died 1149) was the Emir of Mosul from 1146 to 1149. He was the eldest son of Imad ad- Din Zengi of Mosul, and the elder brother of Nur ad- Din. In 1146 Imad ad- Din Zengi was besieging the fortress of Qal Ja'bari when he was assassinated on September 15 by one of his servants who wanted to escape punishment. His forces were scattered, but Imad ad- Din Zengi's two sons were able to regain control and to divide informally the empire: Saif ad- Din succeeded him in Mosul and the Jezirah( northern Iraq) while Nur ad- Din succeeded in Aleppo. Saif ad- Din had first to fight to secure his position in Mosul. Two years before, the Seljuk sultan Ghiyath ad- Din Mas'ud had named his cadet son Alp- Arslan as overlord of Zengi, but the latter had neutralized him and carried with him at the siege. At Zengi's death, Alp- Arslan tried to exploit the ensuing disorder to gain the power in Mosul. Two of Zengi's advisors, the head of the diwan al- Din Muhammad Jemal and" hajab" Amir Salah al- Din Muhammad al- Yaghisiyani took the side of Saif ad- Din: taking advantage of the inexperience of the young Seljuk, giving Saif ad- Din the time necessary to take control of Mosul. When Alp Arslan appeared in Mosul, he was arrested and imprisoned in the citadel. In 1148, together with Nur ad- Din, he marched south to help defend Damascus during the Second Crusade( see Siege of Damascus). The atabeg of the city, Mu'in ad- Din Unur, however refused them entrance, using the presence of Zangi's sons to convince the Franks to release the siege. He died in November 1149 and was succeeded by another brother, Qutb ad- Din Mawdud.

Muhammad ibn Azhar ad-Din
Muhammad ibn Azhar ad- Din( reigned 1488 – 1518) was a Somali Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal. Sihab ad- Din Ahmad states in his" Futuh al- Habasa" that he was the son of Azhar, the second son of Abu Bakr, one of the ten sons of Sa'ad ad- Din II, and ruled for 30 years.

Sa'ad ad-Din II
Sa'ad ad-Din II  (ruled "circa" 1400) was a Somali Sultan of the Ifat Sultanate. He was the brother of Haqq ad-Din II, and the father of Mansur ad-Din, Sabr ad-Din II and Badlay ibn Sa'ad ad-Din. The historian Richard Pankhurst describes him as "the last great ruler of Ifat."

Mujir ad-Din Abaq
Mujīr ad- Dīn ʿ Abd al- Dawla Abu Saʿīd Ābaq ibn Jamāl ad- Dīn Muhammad( died 1169) was the governor of Damascus from 1140 to 1154. He was the eldest son of Jamal ad- Din Muhammad. After the death of his father in 1140, Mujir ad- Din succeeded his father as governor in 1140. As he was still a minor, Mu'in ad- Din Unur was named vizier. Zengi attacked Damascus, hoping to take advantage of Jamal ad- Din's death, but Mu'in ad- Din effectively organized the defense of the city. When this regent died in July 1149, Mujir ad- Din took his place as the rightful heir of Damascus. He was a weak ruler, however, and Damascus came under the influence of Nur ad- Din Zangi, emir of Aleppo and Mosul, who had imposed his dominance over the city in the aftermath of the Second Crusade. In 1150 Nur ad- Din recognized Mujir ad- Din as ruler of Damascus, but in 1151 Mujir ad- Din allied with the crusaders against Bosra, angering Nur ad- Din. Later that year Mujir ad- Din visited Aleppo and swore to remain loyal to Nur ad- Din. In 1152 Mujir ad- Din again besieged Bosra, until the governor of the city agreed to his demands and he returned to Damascus. In 1153 Mujir ad- Din joined Nur ad- Din in the capture of the crusader castle at Baniyas. In 1154 the two were in conflict again, and Nur ad- Din finally occupied Damascus by force, exiling Mujir ad- Din to Homs. Nur ad- Din was fully in control of the city and all of Syria. Mujir ad- Din later left Homs for Baghdad. His honorific title" Mujīr ad- Dīn" means" protector of the faith".