Dragon Eyes
Dragon Eyes is a 2012 American martial arts film starring Cung Le and Jean- Claude Van Damme. It was directed by John Hyams. In New Orleans, a mysterious man looks to unite two warring gangs against the lawmen who have been using them to advance their corrupt agenda.

Crazy Heart
Crazy Heart is a 2009 American drama film, written and directed by Scott Cooper, in his directorial debut. Based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Thomas Cobb, the film centers around a down- and- out country music singer- songwriter( Jeff Bridges) who tries to turn his life around after beginning a relationship with a young journalist( Maggie Gyllenhaal). Other supporting roles are played by Colin Farrell, Robert Duvall, and child actor Jack Nation. Bridges, Farrell, and Duvall also sing in the film. The novel on which the film was based was inspired by country singer Hank Thompson. Bridges earned the 2009 Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in the film. Filming took place during 2008 in New Mexico( Albuquerque, Española, Galisteo, Santa Fe), in Houston, Texas, and in Los Angeles, California. Original music for the film was composed by T Bone Burnett, Stephen Bruton, Ryan Bingham and others. Bingham and Burnett received the 2009 Academy Award for Best Original Song for co-writing" The Weary Kind", which Bingham also performed. The film was produced for$ 7 million by Country Music Television, and was originally acquired by Paramount Vantage for a direct- to- video release, but was later purchased for theatrical distribution by Fox Searchlight Pictures. It opened in limited release in the U.S. on December 16, 2009. From its meager budget it amassed domestic earnings of$ 39.5 million plus$ 7.9 international for worldwide total of$ 47.4 million. The film ends with a dedication to musician Stephen Bruton, who died the same year the film was made.

At Night All Cats Are Crazy
At Night All Cats Are Crazy( lit. " At night all cats are grey") is a French film by Gérard Zingg released in 1977.

Crazy Heart (soundtrack)
Crazy Heart: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a 2010 film soundtrack album to accompany the film" Crazy Heart" directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal.

George and Dragon
George and Dragon may refer to:

Deli Yürek: Bumerang Cehennemi
Deli Yürek: Bumerang Cehennemi(" Crazy Heart: Boomerang Hell") is a 2001 Turkish action film, written and directed by Osman Sınav. It is spun off from the TV series" Deli Yürek".

Thomas Cobb (author)
Thomas Cobb is an American novelist and author of the 1987 novel" Crazy Heart" which was adapted into the 2010 Academy Award winning 2009 film" Crazy Heart".

The Italians They Are Crazy
The Italians They Are Crazy( Italian: Gli italiani sono matti) is a 1958 Italian- German comedy film directed by Duilio Coletti and Luis María Delgado and starring Victor McLaglen, Folco Lulli and Gabriella Pallotta.

The Weary Kind
"The Weary Kind" (full title "The Weary Kind (Theme from Crazy Heart)") is a country song written by Ryan Bingham and T Bone Burnett for the film "Crazy Heart", a 2009 film directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal. Colin Farrell and Bridges perform renditions of the song in the film. Bingham and his Dead Horses serve as Bridges' backing band in the film. The official version on the soundtrack album "Crazy Heart: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" is sung by Ryan Bingham. Jeff Bridges sang a live version during his interview with Peter Travers on ABC News Now. The song was later included as the last track on Bingham's 2010 album "Junky Star".

Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre (1978 film)
Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre, also known as Chivalrous Killer, is a two- part 1978 Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel" The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber".