The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Io piaccio
Io piaccio( also known as" La via del successo ... con le donne") is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Be Sick... It's Free
Be Sick ... It's Free is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Alberto Sordi. A sequel was made titled" Il Prof. Dott. Guido Tersilli, primario della clinica Villa Celeste, convenzionata con le mutue".

Il Prof. Dott. Guido Tersilli, primario della clinica Villa Celeste, convenzionata con le mutue
Il Prof. Dott. Guido Tersilli, primario della clinica Villa Celeste, convenzionata con le mutue is a 1971 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce. It is the sequel of "Be Sick... It's Free".

Donne con le gonne
Donne con le gonne(" Women in Skirts") is a 1991 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti. The film was nominated for two awards, Best Supporting Actress and Best Costume Design.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

Hot Saturday
Hot Saturday is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Nancy Carroll, Cary Grant, and Randolph Scott. This was Grant's first role as a leading man. Based on the novel" Hot Saturday" by Harvey Fergusson, the film is about a pretty, virtuous small- town bank clerk who becomes the victim of a vicious rumor.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.