Gabrielle (singer)
Louisa Gabrielle Bobb (born 19 July 1969), known professionally as Gabrielle, is an English singer and songwriter. Bobb was born in Hackney, London. Known for her ptosis, the drooping of one eyelid, she released her debut single "Dreams" in 1993 and it topped the UK Singles Chart the same year. Her other singles include "Going NowhereGive Me a Little More TimeWalk On By" and "If You Ever" – a duet with East 17. After a few quiescent years Gabrielle made a comeback with "Rise", which became Gabrielle's second UK number one in 2000. The album of the same name also reached the top spot in the UK Albums Chart, where it stayed for three weeks. "Out of Reach" from the soundtrack to the film "Bridget Jones's Diary" reached number four in the UK Singles Chart. Gabrielle's greatest hits collection, "Dreams Can Come True, Greatest Hits Vol. 1" was released in 2001.

Forget About the World
"Forget About the World" is a song by English singer Gabrielle. It was written by Gabrielle along with Ben Barson, Andy Dean, and Ben Wolff for her self-titled second album (1996). " Forget About the World" did not perform as well as its predecessor "Give Me a Little More Time", peaking at number 23 on the UK Singles Chart. It was the lowest-charting single from "Gabrielle" and the only single to miss the top fifteen.

Panda (Astro song)
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Don't Forget About Us
" Do n't Forget About Us" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. It was written by Carey, Jermaine Dupri, Bryan- Michael Cox and Johntá Austin, and released as the fifth single on October 1, 2005, for the re-issue of her tenth studio album," The Emancipation of Mimi"( 2005). Co- produced by the former three, the song is influenced by R&B and hip hop soul music genres, and lyrically chronicles the emotions felt by the protagonist after the loss of their relationship. Carey explained that the true meaning of the song is to be interpreted by the listener, therefore not disclosing its entire meaning publicly. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many heavily comparing it to Carey's previous single" We Belong Together". Several reviewers felt the song's similarity marked Carey's lack of creativity with it, while others embraced its radio- friendly formula. " Do n't Forget About Us" became Carey's seventeenth chart topping single on the US" Billboard" Hot 100, tying the record for most number- one singles by a solo artist set by Elvis Presley 36 years before. Internationally, the song topped the charts in Finland, becoming Carey's second number- one single in that country and first since" Anytime You Need a Friend"( 1994). It also reached the top- ten in Hungary. Carey performed the song at the 33rd annual American Music Awards, and during the half- time of the Thanksgiving game between the Detroit Lions and the Atlanta Falcons. Additionally, the song was included on the set- lists of Carey's The Adventures of Mimi and Angels Advocate Tours. The song's music video chronicles the two time frames, Carey in the present, as well as the past memories she shared with her ex-lover that continue to haunt her. At the 49th annual Grammy Awards," Do n't Forget About Us" was nominated for two awards during the ceremony held on February 11, 2007.