Larry Beckett
Larry Beckett( born 4 April 1947) is an American poet, songwriter, and literary critic. As a songwriter and music arranger, Beckett collaborated with Tim Buckley in the late- 1960s on several songs and albums, including" Song to the Siren" which has been recorded by many artists.

Todd Griffin
Todd Griffin is an American musician and a former member of The Graveyard Train. He is pursuing a solo career and gained fame as the singer of the first version of the theme song to the popular American television series" That' 70s Show".

Quenton Leach
Quenton Harold Leach( born 20 August 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League( AFL) for the Fremantle Dockers between 1995 and 1998. He was drafted from Claremont in the West Australian Football League( WAFL) as a foundation selection in the 1994 AFL Draft and played mainly as a defender. Leach played most of his football in the backline, but is best remembered for kicking a goal after the siren to win a game against Brisbane in 1997. Fremantle were behind by one point when Leach took a mark about 30 metres from goal, just seconds before the siren sounded to end the game. His kick after the siren went straight through the goals and Fremantle won the game by 5 points. In November 2016 Leach revealed that he had testicular cancer. In July 2017 it was reported that two rounds of chemotherapy had been successful in treating the cancers.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Lamman Rucker
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films " Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation. In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".

Song to the Siren (Tim Buckley song)
"Song to the Siren" is a song written by Tim Buckley and his writing partner Larry Beckett and was first released on Buckley's 1970 album "Starsailor". It was also later released on , the album featuring a performance of the song taken from the final episode of "The Monkees" TV show which aired on March 25, 1968. Pat Boone was the first to release a version of the song when it was featured on his 1969 album "Departure", predating Buckley's "Starsailor" release. However, the song has become perhaps Buckley's most famous due to a number of artists covering the song after his death in 1975, notably This Mortal Coil.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Richard T. Jones
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor. Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010). He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.

Tim Buckley
Timothy Charles Buckley III (February 14, 1947 – June 29, 1975) was an American vocalist, songwriter, guitarist and producer. His music and style changed considerably through the years. Buckley began his career based in folk music, but his subsequent albums experimented with jazz, psychedelia, funk, soul, avant-garde and an evolving voice-as-instrument sound. He died at the age of 28 from a heroin overdose, leaving behind his sons Taylor and Jeff.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.