Like This
" Like This" may refer to:

Do You Like This
"Do You Like This" is a song co-written and performed by American contemporary R&B singer Rome, issued as the second single from his eponymous debut album. It was his last song to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100, peaking at #31 in 1997.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Rome (singer)
Jerome Woods (born March 5, 1968 in Benton Harbor, Michigan), better known by his stage name Rome, is an American R&B singer. Woods sang in a cover band called Fire & Ice while a high schooler, and toured regionally both as a solo artist and with the band. He attended Oakwood University but dropped out in 1989 and moved to California in hopes of making a career as a singer. He toured with Vesta but had little success until he met with Gerald Baillergeau and Victor Merrit, the producers who heard his demo and sent it to RCA Records. RCA signed him and released his eponymous debut album in 1997, which went on to sell over half a million copies in the U.S., mainly on the strength of the single "I Belong to You (Every Time I See Your Face)", which peaked at #6 in the U.S. He had two Top 40 hits from the album. Having achieved success with his RCA Records debut, a projected second album was rejected. Instead, he signed a distribution deal with Ground Level for his own label follow-up - "Rome2000: Thank You", but the material recorded while under contract to RCA has never been released. In 2001 he returned with two albums: "To The Highest" and "To Infinity (Thank You)"; the last one is just an alternative edition of "Rome2000: Thank YouDo It" followed in 2003, and three years later Sony issued Rome's "Best Of", which has only 10 songs from his 1997 debut.
Song: "Use Your Heart"
Song: " Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas" Song " As Long As I Live" Song: " I Missed My Loved Ones"
Song: "Fightin' A War" Song: "Ride Baby"
Song: "Heart and SoulGive It Up"

Do You Like It?
" Do You Like It?" is a song by Australian R&B band Kulcha. It was released in September 1996 as the lead single from the band's second studio album" Take Your Time". The song peaked at number 18 in Australia.

Kyla (British singer)
Kyla Reid( Smith; born 22 September 1983) is a British house music singer in the UK funky subgenre. She is best known for the song" Do You Mind" which was later featured on Drake's 2016 international hit" One Dance".

NSMC
Do you want:

Do You Like Worms?
" Do You Like Worms?"( sometimes erroneously referred to as" Do You Dig Worms?") is a song written by Brian Wilson and Van Dyke Parks in 1966 for the aborted album" Smile". The original, unfinished recording of" Do You Like Worms?" was first published in 1993 for, a box set which included some unreleased" Smile" material, and then again in 2011 for" The Smile Sessions". In 2004, Wilson performed a live version of" Smile" with this song under the new title" Roll Plymouth Rock". The live and studio Brian Wilson Presents Smile versions are arranged in a similar manner to the original, unfinished versions. The new versions also contain additional lyrics on the verses that were written for the song in 1966 but not previously recorded. Biographer Jon Stebbins stated that the track" epitomizes the unfinished and schizophrenic nature of" Smile". Just the fact that a Beach Boys album almost appeared in 1967 with a song called' Do You Like Worms?' is a mindblower." The song has since been covered by a variety of artists, including The Olivia Tremor Control, Ant- Bee, and Secret Chiefs 3.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.