List of Astro Boy episodes
List of" Astro Boy" episodes may refer to:

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Commando Leopard
Commando Leopard is a 1985 war film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Lewis Collins, Klaus Kinski, and Manfred Lehmann.

Invasion of Astro-Monster
" Invasion of Astro- Monster" was released in Japan on December 19, 1965 and received a theatrical release in the United States on July 29, 1970 by Maron Films as Monster Zero, on a double feature with" The War of the Gargantuas".

Star Pilot
Star Pilot is a 1966 Italian science- fiction film directed by Pietro Francisci. It stars Leonora Ruffo as Chaena, the commander of a spaceship from the constellation Hydra which has crashed on the island of Sardinia. An Earth scientist and his companions are abducted by the aliens and forced to repair the ship, and are then taken to Hydra for the purpose of genetic research. Once in space, the film uses stock special- effects footage from Toho Studio's films" Invasion of Astro- Monster" and" Gorath" to depict a pursuit of Chaena's ship and an ecological catastrophe on Earth. In the fall of 1977, to quickly capitalize on success of" Star Wars", the film was dubbed in English and released in the United States under a new title. The English dub included references to" Star FleetStar Fleet Command Warp Speed", and" Impulse Drive" as used in the television series.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

List of Astro Boy chapters
This is a List of" Astro Boy" chapters.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Battle of Martinique
The names Battle of Martinique or Invasion of Martinique refer to a number of military operations that took place on or near the French island of Martinique in Caribbean Sea:

Fahd
Fahd( “ leopard “ or “ cheetah ”), also transliterated Fahed or Fahad, can refer to: