Arthur Hamilton
Arthur Hamilton( born Arthur Stern) is an American songwriter. He is best known for writing the song" Cry Me a River", first published in 1953, and recorded by Julie London and numerous other artists.

Diane Warren
Diane Eve Warren (born September 7, 1956) is an American songwriter. She rose to prominence in 1983, and has since written songs for and co-written songs with multiple singers, as well as for several films. Warren has written nine number-one songs and 32 top 10 songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. Additionally, two of the top 13 hits in the Hot 100's 57-year history were composed by her. Warren's career catapulted in the late 1980s shortly after joining forces with the UK music company EMI when Warren became the first songwriter in the history of "Billboard" magazine to have seven hits, all by different artists, on the singles chart at the same time prompting the UK's former Chairman of EMI Music Publishing Peter Reichardt to credit her as "the most important songwriter in the world". She has been rated the third most successful female artist in the UK. Warren has won a Grammy Award, an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, three consecutive "Billboard" Music Awards for Songwriter of the Year, and has been nominated for ten Academy Awards. She has been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Her UK success saw her win an Ivor Novello Award from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors when she received the Special International Award in 2008. Warren owns a publishing company, Realsongs, which gives her control over her compositions.

Cry! Cry! Cry!
“ Cry! Cry! Cry! ” is a song that was written and performed by singer/ songwriter, Johnny Cash. The song was originally released in 1955 and reached# 14 on the charts. The early success of the song led to a featured spot on the Louisiana Hayride Tour and kicked off the career of Johnny Cash in the process. The song sold over 100,000 copies in the southern states alone. Cash then began to tour with Elvis Presley( among other artists from the record business) soon after its release. In 1954, before the release of the song" Cry! Cry! Cry!," Cash signed with Sun Records after he came home from serving with the United States Air Force. During that time, he wrote the song “ Hey, Porter ” which was met with little excitement from the executives at his record label. He was then told to come back with a song that Sun Records owner, Sam Phillips, would be able to sell. Cash went home and wrote the song" Cry! Cry! Cry!" overnight and came back and performed it to Phillips the following day. The song was then coupled with" Hey Porter" and released as the B-side of the record. For the recording of the song, Johnny Cash was backed by" The Tennessee Two", Luther Perkins on guitar and Marshall Grant on bass. The song was included on Cash's first album, 1957's" With His Hot and Blue Guitar", one of the first albums released by Sun Records.

All Over Me (Chocolate Starfish song)
" All Over Me" is a song recorded by Australian rock group, Chocolate Starfish. The song was released in October 1993 as the second single from their self- titled debut studio album( 1994).

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Dotter (singer)
Johanna Maria Jansson( born 10 June 1987), better known by her stage name Dotter, is a Swedish singer and songwriter. She competed in Melodifestivalen 2018 with the song" Cry", but placed sixth in her semi-final and was eliminated.

Cry Over Me
"Cry Over Me" is the second single from Meat Loaf's 2006 album . It was written by Diane Warren and released on 7 May 2007 in the UK.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.