John Christian Kunkel
John Christian Kunkel (September 18, 1816 – October 14, 1870) was a Whig and Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania. He was the grandfather of John Crain Kunkel.

John Westley
Rev. John Westley( 1636 – 78) was an English nonconformist minister. He was the grandfather of John Wesley( founder of Methodism).

Archibald Hope, Lord Rankeillor
Sir Archibald Hope, Lord Rankeillor (1639 – 10 October 1706) was a Scottish advocate and judge, the second son of John Hope, Lord Craighall, the grandfather of the botanist John Hope and the great-grandfather of the chemist Thomas Charles Hope, FRSE.

Lyon Cohen
Lyon Cohen( 1868–1937) was a Polish- born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist. He was the grandfather of singer/ poet Leonard Cohen.

Abd al-Muttalib
Abd al- Muttalib Shaybah ibn Hashim( c. 497 – 578) was the grandfather of Islamic prophet Muhammad.

Gilbert Talbot, 3rd Baron Talbot
Gilbert Talbot, 3rd Baron Talbot( c. 1332–1387) was an English nobleman and soldier. He was the grandfather of John Talbot, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury.

John Palaiologos (son of Andronikos II)
John Palaiologos (1286–1307) was a son of the Byzantine Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos (reigned 1282–1328) and his second wife, Irene of Montferrat. He received the supreme courtly dignity of Despot on 22 May 1295, and married Irene Palaiologina Choumnaina, the daughter of Nikephoros Choumnos, in 1303. The pair did not have any children. From 1304, he served as governor of Thessalonica, where he made donations of property to the Hodegetria Monastery. In 1305, the throne of the March of Montferrat became vacant and his mother wanted to send John to take it up, but was successfully opposed by the Patriarch of Constantinople, Athanasius I, so that John's younger brother Theodore was sent instead. John Palaiologos died in 1307 in Thessalonica. In 1321, his body was transferred to Constantinople and buried in the Pantokrator Monastery.

Irene of Montferrat
Yolande of Montferrat (– 1317 in Constantinople) (also known as Violante, then Empress Irene) was the second wife of Andronikos II Palaiologos and thus empress of the Byzantine Empire. She was the heir of the Margraviate of Montferrat. Born in Casale, she was daughter of William VII, Marquess of Montferrat and his second wife Beatrice of Castile. Her maternal grandparents were King Alfonso X of Castile and his wife Violante of Aragon. Yolande (variation of Violante) was named after her grandmother. In 1284, Andronikos II, a widower by his first marriage with Anna of Hungary, married Yolanda (who was renamed Eirene as Empress). She and Andronikos II were distant cousins, both being descendants of Andronikos Doukas Angelos (ca. 1122-1185). With her, Eirene brought the Montferrat rights to the kingdom of Thessalonica, a dominion that, despite having been conquered half-a-century before Eirene's birth by the Byzantine state of Epirus, was still claimed by its short-lived (1204–1224) Montferrat royal dynasty. It was later proven that the Italian Montferrat had no living male heirs of the Aleramici dynasty, and Eirene's sons were entitled to inherit it upon the 1305 death of Eirene's brother John I, Marquess of Montferrat. The marriage produced the following children:
Eirene's stepson, Michael IX Palaiologos was intended to succeed her husband as emperor, but ultimately it was Michael's son Andronikos III Palaiologos, who became the successor instead of Michael. This was largely due to the work Eirene did to ensure some power and property to her own offspring. Eirene left Constantinople in 1303 and settled in Thessaloniki. She set her own court in the city and controlled her own finances and foreign policy until her death fourteen years later. Nicephorus Gregoras portrayed her as an ambitious and arrogant leader in his historical writings.

Kaya Alp
Kaya Alp was, according to Ottoman tradition, the son of Kızıl Buğa and the father of Suleyman Shah, who was, in turn, the grandfather of Ertuğrul, and the great grandfather of the Ottoman Empire founder, Osman I.

Helena Kantakouzene
Helena Kantakouzene (1333 – 10 December 1396) was the Empress consort of John V Palaiologos in the Byzantine Empire.