Radisele
Radisele is a village in Central District of Botswana. The village is located along the road connecting Palapye and Mahalapye, approximately in the middle of both villages( about 37 km from either village). The population was 2,741 in 2001 census.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

1992 Copa Libertadores
The 1992 Copa Libertadores was the 33rd edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Camperdown, Tyne and Wear
Camperdown, Tyne and Wear is a village in the Metropolitan Borough of North Tyneside in North East England. Camperdown is just south of Burradon, and the two villages are closely linked. Both villages had coal mines.

Allington, Salisbury
Allington is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about southeast of Amesbury and northeast of Salisbury. The parish includes the village of Boscombe; both villages are on the River Bourne and the A338 road.

Nelemnoye
Nelemnoye is a rural locality( a" selo"), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Nelemninsky National Rural Okrug of Verkhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located from Zyryanka, the administrative center of the district. Its population as of the 2010 Census was 262, of whom 145 were male and 117 female, down from 282 recorded during the 2002 Census.

Dyrestuy
Dyrestuy is a rural locality( a selo) in Dzhidinsky District, Republic of Buryatia, Russia. The population was 1,095 as of 2010. There are 10 streets.

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Language Management
Language management is a discipline that consists of satisfying the needs of people who speak multiple different languages. These may be in the same country, in companies, and in cultural or international institutions where one must use multiple languages.

Élise-Daucourt
Élise- Daucourt is a commune in the Marne department in north -eastern France. The commune consists of 2 villages, Élise and Daucourt, which are 1 mile apart. Both villages were separate communes until 1965, when they merged. Since the merger Élise is often called Élise- Daucourt. Both villages lie about 6 km south of Sainte- Menehould, the nearest regional town.