Li Xiong
Li Xiong (李雄) (274–334), courtesy name Zhongjuan (仲雋), formally Emperor Wu of Cheng (Han) (成(漢)武帝), was the first emperor of the Chinese/Ba-Di state Cheng Han and commonly regarded as its founder (although some historians date Cheng Han's founding to Li Xiong's father Li Te). Li Xiong's declaration of himself as the Prince of Chengdu in 304 (and thus, independence from Jin Dynasty (265-420)) is commonly regarded as the start of the Sixteen Kingdoms era. The Book of Jin describes Li Xiong as a beautiful-looking and courageous man who was over two meters tall.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Empress Ren
Empress Ren (任皇后, personal name unknown) was an empress of the Chinese/Di state Cheng Han. Her husband was the founding emperor Li Xiong (Emperor Wu). She was created empress by Li Xiong in 315. She was sonless, and although Li Xiong had sons by concubines, he chose his nephew Li Ban, whom she raised, to be his crown prince. After Li Xiong died in 334, Li Ban became emperor and honored her as empress dowager. Less than a year later, Li Ban was assassinated by Li Xiong's son Li Yue (李越), who subsequently made another son of Li Xiong, Li Qi, whom Empress Dowager Ren had also raised, emperor. Li Yue forged an edict from Empress Dowager Ren to legitimize his actions. During Li Qi's reign, she continued as empress dowager. When Li Qi was overthrown by Li Shou in 338, Li Shou forged an edict from Empress Dowager Ren as well to legitimize his actions, implying that she was still alive at that point, but there was no more mention of her in history from that point on. It is not known when she died.

2011 Empress's Cup
Statistics of Empress's Cup in the 2011 season.

2016 Empress's Cup
Statistics of Empress's Cup in the 2016 season.

Place of birth
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

2010 Empress's Cup
Statistics of Empress's Cup in the 2010 season.

2006 Empress's Cup
Statistics of Empress's Cup in the 2006 season.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to:

2014 Empress's Cup
Statistics of Empress's Cup in the 2014 season.