Hassan Zee
Hassan Zee is a Pakistani- American film director who was born in Chakwal, Pakistan.

Abhishek Saxena
Abhishek Saxena is an Indian Bollywood and Punjabi film director who directed the movie Phullu. The Phullu movie was released in theaters on 16 June 2017, in which film Sharib Hashmi is the lead role. Apart from these, he has also directed Patiala Dreamz, this is a Punjabi film. This film was screened in cinemas in 2014.

Arshad Khan (cricketer)
Arshad Khan (born March 22, 1971) is a Pakistani Australian cab driver and former cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off break bowler. Arshad was first picked to play against the West Indies during the 1997–98 season, and the following year, was part of the team which won the Asian Test Championship at Dhaka against Sri Lanka. He captained Pakistan in the 1998 Commonwealth Games Kuala Lumpur. He was a regular inclusion in the Pakistani side until 2001. Four years later, a strong performance in the Pakistani domestic championship meant that Arshad earned a recall for Pakistan's 2005 tour of India. He performed credibly, particularly in the Bangalore Test, which Pakistan won in the last session to draw the series. He toured the Caribbean in May 2005, and has retained his place for the upcoming England series. During the 2005 One Day International series against England, Arshad was used in the second and fifth matches and proved effective at repressing the England batsmen, allowing very few runs to be scored off him and also taking wickets. During the fifth match, his economy was just over 3 runs per over – a very good figure for any bowler, especially a spinner. A tall man at 6'4", Arshad bowls in a classical off-spinner's mould, preferring a nagging line to any great variation. Khan now lives in Sydney, Australia.

Apne Dam Par
Apne Dam Par is a 1996 Hindi- language Indian feature film directed by Arshad Khan, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Shilpa Shirodkar, Govinda, Sonali Bendre, Aashif Sheikh, Shakti Kapoor and Raza Murad.

Edward Yates
Edward J. Yates( September 16, 1918 – June 2, 2006) was an American television director who was the director of the ABC television program" American Bandstand" from 1952 until 1969.

Cela s'appelle l'aurore
Cela s'appelle l'aurore (English: "This is Called Dawn") is a 1956 Franco-Italian film, directed by Luis Buñuel. It was written by Buñuel and Jean Ferry, based on a novel by Emmanuel Roblès.

Richard Young (cinematographer)
Richard Young( October 17, 1939 – December 15, 2010) was a cinematographer and film director who was born in Penfield, New York, United States.

Luis Buñuel
Luis Buñuel Portolés( 22 February 1900 – 29 July 1983) was a Spanish- born Mexican filmmaker who worked in France, Mexico and Spain. When Buñuel died at age 83, his obituary in" The New York Times" called him" an iconoclast, moralist, and revolutionary who was a leader of avant- garde surrealism in his youth and a dominant international movie director half a century later". His first picture," Un Chien Andalou" —made in the silent era—was called" the most famous short film ever made" by critic Roger Ebert, and his last film," That Obscure Object of Desire" —made 48 years later—won him Best Director awards from the National Board of Review and the National Society of Film Critics. Writer Octavio Paz called Buñuel's work" the marriage of the film image to the poetic image, creating a new reality ... scandalous and subversive". Often associated with the surrealist movement of the 1920s, Buñuel created films from the 1920s through the 1970s. His work spans two continents, three languages, and an array of genres, including experimental film, documentary, melodrama, satire, musical, erotica, comedy, romance, costume dramas, fantasy, crime film, adventure, and western. Despite this variety, filmmaker John Huston believed that, regardless of genre, a Buñuel film is so distinctive as to be instantly recognizable, or, as Ingmar Bergman put it," Buñuel nearly always made Buñuel films". Seven of Buñuel's films are included in" Sight& Sound"< nowiki>'</ nowiki >s 2012 critics' poll of the top 250 films of all time. Fifteen of his films are included in the" They Shoot Pictures, Do n't They?" list of the 1,000 greatest films of all time, for which he ranks second only to Jean- Luc Godard, with sixteen, and he ranks number 13 on their list of the top 250 directors.

Ben Palmer
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is known for being the director of" Bo' Selecta" and" The Inbetweeners".

Rumbi Katedza
Rumbi Katedza is a Zimbabwean Film Producer and Director who was born on 17 January 1974.