Abhishek Saxena
Abhishek Saxena is an Indian Bollywood and Punjabi film director who directed the movie Phullu. The Phullu movie was released in theaters on 16 June 2017, in which film Sharib Hashmi is the lead role. Apart from these, he has also directed Patiala Dreamz, this is a Punjabi film. This film was screened in cinemas in 2014.

A Small September Affair
A Small September Affair is a 2014 Turkish drama film directed by Kerem Deren.

A Gathering of Eagles
A Gathering of Eagles is a 1963 Eastmancolor film about the U.S. Air Force during the Cold War and the pressures of command. The plot is patterned after the World War II film" Twelve O'Clock High", which producer- screenwriter Sy Bartlett also wrote, with elements also mirroring" Above and Beyond" and" Toward the Unknown", films written by his collaborator, Beirne Lay Jr. The film was directed by Delbert Mann. Rock Hudson plays a United States Air Force officer, Colonel Jim Caldwell, a Strategic Air Command( SAC) B- 52 wing commander. He must shape up his wing and men to pass a grueling operational readiness inspection( ORI) that the previous commander had failed and for which he had been relieved of his command. Caldwell is also recently married to an English wife, Victoria, and as a tough commanding officer doing whatever he has to do to shape up his command, his wife sees a side to him that she had not seen before. The film also stars Rod Taylor, Mary Peach, Barry Sullivan, Kevin McCarthy, Henry Silva, Robert Lansing, Leif Erickson, and Richard Anderson.

Ben Palmer
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is known for being the director of" Bo' Selecta" and" The Inbetweeners".

G. Marthandan
G. Marthandan is an Indian film director who works in Malayalam cinema.

Delbert Mann
Delbert Martin Mann Jr. (January 30, 1920 – November 11, 2007) was an American television and film director. He won the Academy Award for Best Director for the film "Marty" (1955), adapted from a 1953 teleplay of the same name which he had also directed. From 1967 to 1971, he was president of the Directors Guild of America. In 2002, he received the DGA's honorary life member award. Mann was credited to have "helped bring TV techniques to the film world."

William Dieterle
William Dieterle( July 15, 1893 – December 9, 1972) was a German- American actor and film director, who emigrated to the United States in 1930 to leave a worsening political situation. He worked in Hollywood primarily as a director for much of his career, becoming a United States citizen in 1937. His best- known films include" The Devil and Daniel Webster The Story of Louis Pasteur"( 1936) and" The Hunchback of Notre Dame". His 1937 film" The Life of Emile Zola" won the Academy Award for Best Picture, the second biographical feature to do so.

September Affair
September Affair is a 1950 American romantic drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Joan Fontaine, Joseph Cotten, and Jessica Tandy. It was produced by Hal B. Wallis.

Drew Esocoff
Drew Esocoff( born c. 1957) is an American television sports director, who as of 2006 has been the director of NBC Sunday Night Football.

Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator
Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator is a 1967 Yugoslav film directed by Dušan Makavejev.