Ger Colleran
Gerard Colleran is an Irish journalist, the editor of the" Irish Daily Star" from 1999 to 2014, and since 2017 the editor of" Kerry's Eye". In 2009," Village" listed him as one of Ireland's 100 most influential people. He is a native of Mayo, County Mayo, grew up in Quin, County Clare, and was educated at the University of London and the University of Limerick. Prior to his work at the" Daily Star" he was the editor of" The Kerryman".

John Mulholland (journalist)
John Mulholland( born 20 November 1962) is an Irish journalist who was the editor of the British Sunday newspaper" The Observer" for 10 years and assistant editor of" The Guardian". He has worked for most of his career with the Guardian Media Group. In April 2018, he became the editor of Guardian US.

Marco Roth
Marco Roth( born 1974) in New York, New York is a co-founder and editor of" n+1" magazine.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Shahadat Chowdhury
Shahadat Chowdhury( 28 July 1943 – 29 November 2005) was a Bangladeshi journalist and editor of several news magazines. He served as the editor of Weekly Bichitra from 1972 until its publication was ceased in 1997. He then served as the editor of Shaptahik 2000 and Anandadhara.

Farnsworth Wright
Farnsworth Wright (July 29, 1888 – June 12, 1940) was the editor of the pulp magazine "Weird Tales" during the magazine's heyday, editing 179 issues from November 1924–March 1940. Jack Williamson called Wright "the first great fantasy editor".

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Brian Saunders (weightlifter)
Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Oriental Stories
Oriental Stories, later retitled The Magic Carpet Magazine, was an American pulp magazine of 1930-34, an offshoot of the famous "Weird Tales". Like its parent, it was published by J.C. Henneberger's Popular Fiction Publishing and edited by Farnsworth Wright. As its titles indicate, the magazine specialized in adventure and fantasy stories with Oriental settings and elements. Its stories were largely written by the same distinctive group of authors that filled the pages of "Weird Tales," including Robert E. Howard, Otis Adelbert Kline, E. Hoffmann Price, Clark Ashton Smith, and Frank Owen, among others. The magazine struggled financially for the entirety of its existence (as indeed did "Weird Tales"); it was published first bi-monthly, then quarterly, during the grimmest years of the Great Depression. Volume 1 of "Oriental Stories" consisted of 6 issues that appeared on newsstands from October 1930 through Autumn 1931; Volume 2 comprised only 3 issues in the first half of 1932 (Winter, Spring, Summer). After a six-month hiatus, the first of four quarterly issues of Volume 3 appeared in January 1933, but with the new title "The Magic Carpet. Oriental Stories combined with The Magic Carpet Magazine," read the masthead of Vol. 3 No. 1, January 1933.) One notable contributor to "The Magic Carpet" was popular pulp author H. Bedford-Jones. Still unable to muster sufficient circulation, Volume 4 started and ended with the single issue No. 1 in January 1934. " The Magic Carpet" was then defunct.

Peter Bhatia
Peter Bhatia is an American journalist and the editor of the" Detroit Free Press". He was previously the editor of" The Oregonian".