Weekend in Paradise (1931 film): Weekend in Paradise( German: Wochenend im Paradies) is a 1931 German musical comedy film directed by Robert Land and starring Trude Berliner, Claire Rommer and Julius Falkenstein. It was remade in 1952. The film's art direction was by Robert Neppach and Erwin Scharf.

Michael Govan: Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Hochzeitsnacht im Regen: Hochzeitsnacht im Regen is an East German film. It was released in 1967.

Wedding Night in Paradise (1950 film): Wedding Night in Paradise  is a 1950 West German musical comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Johannes Heesters, Claude Farell and Gretl Schörg. It is an operetta film, based on the 1942 stage work of the same title. The film's sets were designed by Paul Markwitz and Fritz Maurischat.

Dana Blankstein: Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Géza von Bolváry: Géza von Bolváry (full name Géza Maria von Bolváry-Zahn; 26 December 1897 – 10 August 1961) was a Hungarian actor, screenwriter and film director, who worked principally in Germany and Austria.

Peter Levin: Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Ian Barry (director): Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

John Farrell (businessman): John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Wedding Night in Paradise (1962 film): Wedding Night in Paradise( German: Hochzeitsnacht im Paradies) is a 1962 Austrian musical comedy film directed by Paul Martin and starring Peter Alexander, Marika Rökk and Waltraut Haas. Along with a number of films of the era it also features a performance by the Kessler Sisters. It is an operetta film, based on the 1942 stage work of the same title. A previous film adaptation had been made in 1950. The film was made with backing from the West German distributor Gloria Film. It was shot at the Sievering Studios in Vienna and on location in Venice. The film's sets were designed by Fritz Jüptner- Jonstorff and Alexander Sawczynski. It was made using eastmancolor.