Michelangelo Faggioli
Michelangelo Faggioli( 1666–1733) was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect. A founder of a new genre of Neapolitan comedy, he was the composer of the opera buffa" La Cilla" in 1706.

Avicii
Tim Bergling (8 September 1989 – 20 April 2018), known professionally as Avicii , was a Swedish DJ, electronic musician, and songwriter who specialized in audio programming, remixing and record producing. At the age of 16, Bergling began posting his remixes on electronic music forums, which led to his first record deal. He rose to prominence in 2011 with his single "Levels". His debut studio album, "True" (2013), blended electronic music with elements of multiple genres and received generally positive reviews. It peaked in the top ten in more than fifteen countries and topped international dance charts; the lead single, "Wake Me Up", topped most music markets in Europe and reached number four in the United States. In 2015, Bergling released his second studio album, "Stories", and in 2017 he released an EP, "Avīci (01)". His catalog also included the singles "I Could Be the One" with Nicky Romero, "You Make MeX YouHey BrotherAddicted to YouThe DaysThe NightsWaiting for LoveWithout You" and "Lonely Together". Bergling was nominated for a Grammy Award for his work on "Sunshine" with David Guetta in 2012 and "Levels" in 2013. Several music publications credit Bergling as among the DJs who ushered electronic music into Top 40 radio in the early 2010s. Bergling retired from touring in 2016 due to health problems, having suffered stress and poor mental health for several years. On 20 April 2018, Bergling died by suicide in Muscat, Oman. He was buried on 8 June in his hometown of Stockholm. His posthumous third album titled "Tim" was released in 2019.

We Write the Story
"We Write the Story" is a song composed by ex-ABBA members, Björn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson and the late Swedish DJ and record producer, Avicii. The track is credited to "Avicii & B&B & Choir" on iTunes and Spotify. It was the anthem for the Eurovision Song Contest 2013, released on the day of the Grand Final. The song charted in the Dutch single chart peaking at number 73.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.

Alexandru Cristea
Alexandru Cristea( 1890 – 1942) was the composer of the music for" Limba Noastră", current national anthem of Moldova.

Kansas Song
Kansas Song( We ’re From Kansas) is a fight song of the University of Kansas.

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.