Benjamin Connor
Benjamin Connor or Benjamin Conner was Locomotive Superintendent of the Caledonian Railway from 1856 to 1876. He was born in Glasgow in 1813 and died there on 3 February 1876. Connor married Helen Dick and had five children: James( born 1854), Cristina( born 1858), Alexander( born 1860), Benjamin( born 1864) and William( born 1867).

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Benjamin Ignatius Hayes
Benjamin Hayes, or Benjamin Ignatius Hayes,( 1815 – 77) was an American pioneer who was the first judge of the district court that served Los Angeles, San Diego and San Bernardino counties in California. His seminal rulings are still cited in that state's courts.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Béni Kállay
Béni Kállay de Nagy- Kálló or Benjamin von Kállay was an Austro- Hungarian statesman.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Benjamin Nottingham Webster
Benjamin Nottingham Webster( 3 September 17973 July 1882) was an English actor-manager and dramatist.

Benny Bell
Benny Bell( born Benjamin Samberg or Benjamin Zamberg, March 21, 1906 – July 6, 1999) was an American singer- songwriter who reached popularity in the 1940s, with a comeback in the 1970s. He is particularly remembered for his risqué but cheerfully optimistic songs.

Huchtenburg
J( oh) an and Jacob van Huchtenburg( Hughtenburg or Hugtenburg( h)) were two Dutch Golden Age painters in the second half of the seventeenth century. Both brothers were natives of Haarlem, moved to Paris, but died in Amsterdam. The main source about their lives is from Arnold Houbraken. Some of the information from the 19th century is contradictive. Jacob van Huchtenburg( 1644, Haarlem- bur. January 8, 1675, Amsterdam) studied under Nicolaes Pieterszoon Berchem. In 1662 he went to Italy and stayed in Rome until 1667. On his way back to Holland he stayed in Paris for more than a year, where he probably met up with his brother Jan. In 1669 he joined the Haarlem artists' guild. His pictures are probably confounded with those of his brother. He became well- to- do and lived on Prinsengracht. One is in the Brukenthal Museum, Sibiu. Jan van Huchtenburg( bapt. November 20, 1647, Haarlem- bur. July 2, 1733, Amsterdam), was a famous Dutch horse and battle painter, like Esaias van de Velde and Philip Wouwermans. He was first taught by Thomas Wijck. On his way to visit his brother in Rome, he may not have got further than Paris, where he served under Antony Francis van der Meulen in the Manufacture des Gobelins employing him for illustrating, sketching or designing. In 1670 he settled at Haarlem, where he married Elisabeth Mommes. It seems he practised and kept a dealers shop in Haarlem or in the Hague. His style had now merged into an imitation of Wouwerman and Van der Meulen, which could not fail to produce pretty pictures of hunts and robber camps, the faculty of painting horses and men in action and varied dress being the chief point of attraction. Huchtenburg assisted Gerrit Berckheyde and painted his people and horses. Later Huchtenburg ventured on cavalry skirmishes and engagements of regular troops generally, and these were admired by Prince Eugene of Savoy and King William III, who gave the painter sittings, and commissioned him to throw upon canvas the chief incidents of the battles they fought upon the continent of Europe. When he died at Bloemgracht in the Jordaan in 1733, Huchtenburg had done much by his pictures and prints to make Prince Eugene, King William and Marlborough popular. Though clever in depicting a mile or a skirmish of dragoons, he remained second to Philip Wouvermans in accuracy of drawing, and inferior to Van der Meulen in the production of landscapes. But, nevertheless, he was a clever and spirited master, with great facility of hand and considerable natural powers of observation. The earliest date on his pictures is 1674, when he executed the Stag- Hunt in the Museum of Berlin, and the Fight with Robbers in the Liechtenstein Museum at Vienna. A Skirmish at Fleurus( 1690) in the Brussels gallery seems but the precursor of larger and more powerful works, such as the Siege of Namur( 1695) in the Belvedere at Vienna, where William III is seen in the foreground accompanied by Max Emmanuel, the Bavarian elector. Three years before, Huchtenburg had had sittings from Prince Eugene and William III. After 1696 he regularly served as court painter to Prince Eugene, and we have at[ a] Galleria Sabauda a series of ten or eleven canvases, all of the same size depicting the various battles of the great hero, commencing with the Battle of Zenta( 1697), Battle of Chiari( 1701), Battle of Luzzara( 1702), Battle of Blenheim( 1704), Battle of Cassano( 1705), Battle of Turin( 1706), Battle of Oudenaarde( 1708), Battle of Malplaquet( 1709), Battle of Petrovaradin( 1716) ending with the Battle of Belgrade( 1717). Had the Duke of Marlborough been fond of art he would doubtless have possessed many works of our artist. All that remained in 1911 at Blenheim Palace, however, was a couple of sketches of battles, which were probably sent to Churchill by his great contemporary. In 1911, the pictures of Huchtenburg were not very numerous in public galleries. There was one in the National Gallery, London, another at the Louvre. But Copenhagen had four, Dresden six, Gotha two, and Munich had the well- known composition of Tallart taken Prisoner at Blenheim in 1704.