The Very Merry Widows
The Very Merry Widows is a 2003 Franco- Belgian film directed and co-written by Catherine Corsini.

Mehdi Abrishamchi
Mehdi Abrishamchi is an Iranian People's Mujahedin of Iran( MEK) politician who has been described as" the right hand man of Massoud Rajavi". He is the former spouse of the group's current leader, Maryam Rajavi, whom he divorced so that she could become the spouse of Massoud Rajavi.

Fernando Cortés
Fernando "Papi" Cortés (October 4, 1909 – 1979) was a Puerto Rican film actor, writer and director. He was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico, but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City, where he died. On 1932, while in New York City, Fernando Cortés married Puerto Rican childhood friend María del Pilar Cordero, who adopted the stage name of Mapy Cortés. The couple soon traveled to Spain with a Cuban theatrical troupe. They worked on the Spanish stage, radio and film until the outbreak of the Civil War in 1936. Fernando progressively began to take a backseat as actor and baritone and focused on promoting the career of his wife Mapy, who became a noted "vedette" (showgirl with star status) in Barcelona. After the Spanish Civil War interrupted their careers, the couple worked in New York, San Juan, Buenos Aires, Havana and Caracas, occasionally starring in movies. They arrived to Mexico City in late 1940 and made their stage debut at the Teatro Follies, in a show headlined by the popular Mexican comedian Cantinflas. Despite early struggles to become household names, Mapy achieved Mexican film stardom in late 1941 and the couple settled in Mexico City. Initially, Fernando Cortés played supporting roles in his wife's films. He then made a successful debut as director with "La pícara Susana" (1945) a comedy vehicle for his wife. On March 1954, Fernando and Mapy Cortés returned to Puerto Rico to help launch local television. Cortés became the first director at WKAQ-TV, Channel 2, and the couple co-starred in "Mapy y Papi", the first Puerto Rican sitcom. Despite their success on local TV, the couple returned the following year to Mexico City, which offered more opportunities. The couple starred in a Mexican version of their Puerto Rican sitcom and Mapy returned to the stage. Fernando Cortés became known as a reliable director of Mexican comedies on stage, television and film. After writing and directing star vehicles for his wife Mapy in the 1940s and comedians like Resortes and Tin-Tan in the 1950s, Fernando Cortés produced and directed Puerto Rican co-productions in the 1960s and launched the film career of La India María in the 1970s.

Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg( born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; on 22 March 1956), is the spouse of Grand Duke Henri.

Gertrude of Bavaria
Gertrude of Saxony and Bavaria( 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.

My Three Merry Widows
My Three Merry Widows (in Spanish Mis tres viudas alegres) is a Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés. It was filmed in 1953 and starring Amalia Aguilar, Lilia del Valle and Silvia Pinal.

Princess Auguste of Bavaria (1875–1964)
Princess Auguste of Bavaria( 28 April 1877 – 25 June 1964) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and the spouse of Archduke Joseph August of Austria.

Sophia Magdalena of Denmark
Sophia Magdalena of Denmark (3 July 1746 – 21 August 1813) was Queen of Sweden as the spouse of King Gustav III.

Marie-Louise Coidavid
Marie Louise Coidavid( 1778 – March 11, 1851), was the Queen of the Kingdom of Haiti 1811 – 20 as the spouse of Henri I of Haiti.

My Three Angels (film)
My Three Angels is a 1962 Australian television adaptation. It was based on the play" My Three Angels" by Samuel and Bella Spewack which in turn was based on the French play" La Cuisine Des Anges" by Albert Husson.