Sillane
Sillane( possibly from Aymara" silla" cane of maize,"- ni" a suffix," the one with canes of maize") is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately. It is located in the Arequipa Region, Caylloma Province, on the border of the districts of Madrigal and Tapay. Sillane lies north of the Colca River, northeast of the village of Tapay.

1992 Copa Libertadores
The 1992 Copa Libertadores was the 33rd edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Chocñacota (Putina)
Chocñacota( possibly from Aymara" ch'uxña" green," quta" lake" green lake") is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Peru and the name of a lake near the mountain. The mountain and the lake are situated in the Puno Region, Putina Province, Ananea District, near the Bolivian border. They lie southwest and northwest of the mountains Ichocollo and Palomani. The lake lies northwest of the mountain at. Chocñacota is also the name of an intermittent stream which originates near the lake. It flows to the west.

1971 Copa Libertadores
The Copa Libertadores 1971 was the 12th edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. Nacional won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Language Management
Language management is a discipline that consists of satisfying the needs of people who speak multiple different languages. These may be in the same country, in companies, and in cultural or international institutions where one must use multiple languages.

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Jajahuaycho
Jajahuaycho or Ccaccahuaycho( possibly from Aymara for a swift) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Peru and the name of a lake near the mountain. The mountain and the lake are located in the Puno Region, Putina Province, Ananea District. The peak reaches about above sea level. It lies northwest of the mountains Palomani and Chocñacota and west of the lake Chocñacota. Parihuani(" the one with flamingos") and Huanacuni(" the one with guanacos") are the names of the northwestern and northeastern peaks of Jajahuaycho. The lake named Jajahuaycho stretches along the northern slopes of the mountain. It lies at.

2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Jajahuaycho
Jajahuaycho or Ccaccahuaycho( possibly from Aymara for a swift) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in Peru and the name of a lake near the mountain. The mountain and the lake are located in the Puno Region, Putina Province, Ananea District. The peak reaches about above sea level. It lies northwest of the mountains Palomani and Chocñacota and west of the lake Chocñacota. Parihuani(" the one with flamingos") and Huanacuni(" the one with guanacos") are the names of the northwestern and northeastern peaks of Jajahuaycho. The lake named Jajahuaycho stretches along the northern slopes of the mountain. It lies at.