O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

I Believe in Everything (song)
" I Believe in Everything" is a song by John Entwistle. " I Believe in Everything" was released as a single in 1971. The B-side was" My Size". The song also appears on Entwistle's debut solo album," Smash Your Head Against the Wall". When Entwistle was asked about the song in comparison to the rest of the album, he said: I've been saying a lot of stuff that I did n't really believe in. I sort of wrote it for the heads, really, the people thinking," ah, so that's where Entwistle's brain's at, he really sort of believes in the devil and hell and all that sort of business." So I wrote a number that touches on reincarnation, then goes into the absurd, with Father Christmas and the whole bit and right at the end just to prevent the heads from thinking that I did believe in everything like I was saying,' cause they always seem to believe that you actually believe in your own words. I believe in some of them but not all of them, so I just wrote the joke in to throw them off, and it's done it. The song ends with a chorus of" Rudolph the Red- Nosed Reindeer".

I Believe in Love (Bonnie Guitar song)
" I Believe in Love" is a song written by Boudleaux Bryant and recorded by American country artist, Bonnie Guitar. The song was recorded in January 1968 and officially released as a single in April. " I Believe in Love" peaked at number ten on the" Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart, becoming her third and final top ten on any" Billboard" list. The single also became Guitar's final major hit as a musical artist. Additionally," I Believe in Love" reached a peak of number thirty on the Canadian" RPM" Country Songs chart in August 1968. It became her final chart appearance on the latter chart. The single was later issued on Guitar's album for Dot Records, also entitled" I Believe in Love".

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

I Believe in Your Sweet Love
"I Believe in Your Sweet Love" is a song recorded by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler for her fourth studio album, "Goodbye to the Island" (1981). It was written by Ronnie Scott and Steve Wolfe, and produced by Scott, Wolfe and Hugh Murphy. The song was released as the album's lead single in November 1979. The lyrics depict Tyler offering someone a romantic relationship. The song was a hit in Canada, where it reached number 27 on the "RPM" Adult Contemporary chart. " Record Mirror" nominated it as a single of the week upon its release.

Believe in Me (Bonnie Tyler song)
" Believe in Me" is a song by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler from her sixteenth studio album" Rocks and Honey"( 2013). American songwriter Desmond Child composed the song with British songwriters Lauren Christy and Christopher Braide. It was released as the album's lead single on 13 March 2013. The song was written to" uplift the world", and was completed by Child whilst having dinner with Tyler. The song was recorded in the Blackbird Studios, Nashville, Tennessee. The lyrics depict Tyler telling a lover who does not believe in love or religion to just believe in her. " Believe in Me" was selected as the 2013 Eurovision Song Contest entry for the United Kingdom. To comply with the song duration rules, the album version was cut to three minutes and three seconds for radio play and for live performance. The photograph used for the cover art was taken by Tyler's nephew, Andrew Hopkins. Following the Eurovision Song Contest, the song peaked at No. 93 in the United Kingdom, but did not chart elsewhere. " Believe in Me" received mixed reviews from music critics, and the song was largely blamed for Tyler's mediocre final score in the Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final. Despite the single's chart placing and result at Eurovision, both Tyler and the single won categories in the Eurovision Song Contest Radio Awards; the first time a UK representative has won in a category in the ESC Radio's history.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Shine On (Shine All Your Sweet Love on Me)
" Shine On( Shine All Your Sweet Love on Me)" is a song written by Johnny MacRae and Bob Morrison, and recorded by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in January 1983 as the first single from his album" Shine On". The song peaked at number 3 on the" Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. " Shine On" was Jones' sixth Top 10 solo hit in less than three years. The song also displayed some of the pop elements that producer Billy Sherrill would introduce into George's sound over the course of his next few albums.

Sweet Love
Sweet Love may refer to:

Bonnie Tyler
Bonnie Tyler (born Gaynor Hopkins; 8 June 1951) is a Welsh singer, known for her distinctive husky voice. Tyler came to prominence with the release of her 1977 album " The World Starts Tonight" and its singles "Lost in France" and "More Than a Lover". Her 1978 single "It's a Heartache" reached number four on the UK Singles Chart, and number three on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. In the 1980s, Tyler ventured into rock music with songwriter and producer Jim Steinman. He wrote Tyler's biggest hit "Total Eclipse of the Heart", the lead single from her 1983 UK chart topping album " Faster Than the Speed of Night". Steinman also wrote Tyler's other major 1980s hit "Holding Out for a Hero". She had success in mainland Europe during the 1990s with Dieter Bohlen, who wrote and produced her hit "Bitterblue". In 2003, Tyler re-recorded "Total Eclipse of the Heart" with singer Kareen Antonn. Their bilingual duet topped the French charts. "Rocks and Honey" was released in 2013 and features the single "Believe in Me" which she performed representing the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden. Her latest album "Between the Earth and the Stars" was released on 15 March 2019. Both "It's a Heartache" and "Total Eclipse of the Heart" are among the best-selling singles of all time, with sales in excess of six million each. Her work has earned her three Grammy Award nominations and three Brit Award nominations, among other accolades.