Stanislovas Goštautas
Stanislovas Goštautas( also called Stanisław Gasztołd or" Gasztołt" of Abdank in Polish)( ca. 1507 in Vilnius – 1542) was a notable member of the Lithuanian nobility and a high- ranking member of the Lithuanian administration. Born to Albertas Goštautas, the Voivode of Vilnius and Princess Sofia of Vereya, he was the last direct male descendant of the – once mighty – Goštautai family. A prominent member of the Grand Duchy's administration in the early times of the Polish – Lithuanian union, Goštautas held a number of important posts in the state's administration. Among others, since 1522 he held the post of the voivode of Navahrudak, although he did not rise to that office until 1530. Since 1542 he was also a voivode of Trakai. As one of the most notable and influential noblemen of his epoch, in 1542 he was also awarded with a royal pension of" 600 times the number of 60 Prague groschen" in exchange for his town of Upytė, which was bought by Sigismund Augustus of Poland. On 17 May 1537 he married Barbara Radziwiłł, later the second wife of the Grand Duke of Lithuania and King of Poland Sigismund II Augustus. Goštautas died on 18 December 1542, leaving some of his family fortune to his wife, who later might have passed it on to her branch of the Radziwiłł family, while the bulk of his estates was taken by the Grand Duke of Lithuania Sigismund II Augustus, as a matter of sovereign's right.

Sigismund II Augustus
Sigismund II Augustus (1 August 1520 – 7 July 1572) was the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania, the only son of Sigismund I the Old, whom Sigismund II succeeded in 1548. Sigismund was the only legitimate son of Italian-born Bona Sforza and Sigismund the Old. From the beginning he was groomed and extensively educated as a successor. In 1529 he was crowned "vivente rege" while his father was still alive. Sigismund Augustus continued a tolerance policy towards minorities and maintained peaceful relations with neighbouring countries, with the exception of the Northern Seven Years' War which aimed to secure Baltic trade. Under his patronage the culture flourished in Poland; he was a collector of tapestries from the Low Countries and collected military memorabilia as well as swords and armours. Sigismund Augustus' rule is widely considered as the apex of the Polish Golden Age. In 1569 he oversaw the signing of the Union of Lublin between Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which formed the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and introduced an elective monarchy. Sigismund Augustus married three times; his first wife, Elizabeth of Austria, died in 1545 at just eighteen. He was then involved in several relationships with mistresses, the most famous being Barbara Radziwiłł, who became Sigismund's second wife and Queen of Poland in spite of his mother's disapproval. The marriage was deemed scandalous and was fiercely opposed by the royal court and the nobility. Barbara died five months after her coronation, presumably due to ill health, however, rumours circulated that she was poisoned. Sigismund finally wedded Catherine of Austria, but remained childless throughout his life. Sigismund Augustus was last male member of the Jagiellons. Following the death of his sister Anna in 1596 the Jagiellonian Dynasty came to an end.

Diana di Cordona
Diana di Cordona (1499 - after 1550) was an Italian noble and courtier. She was the lady-in-waiting to queen Bona of Poland and mistress of Sigismund II Augustus and Cesare I Gonzaga, who later in life went missing and was presumed to be dead in 1550.

Bona Sforza
Bona Sforza d’Aragona (2 February 1494 – 19 November 1557) was Queen of Poland and Grand Duchess of Lithuania. A member of the powerful House of Sforza, which ruled the Duchy of Milan since 1447, she became the second wife of Sigismund I the Old, the King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania in 1518. Their marriage lasted 30 years until Sigismund's death in 1548. Ambitious and energetic, Bona became heavily involved in the political life of Poland–Lithuania. To increase state revenue, she implemented various economic and agricultural reforms, including the far-reaching Wallach Reform in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Her reforms made her the richest landowner in the Grand Duchy. In foreign policy, she opposed the Habsburgs and sought to secure her eldest daughter Isabella Jagiellon in the Kingdom of Hungary.

Sebastiano Montelupi
Sebastiano Montelupi( name occasionally Polonized as" Wilczogórski", 1516 – 18 August 1600), was an Italian- born merchant and banker in Kraków, Poland, and Postmaster General of the Polish royal postal service under Sigismund II Augustus, Henry III of Poland, Anna Jagiellon, Stephen Báthory and Sigismund III Vasa.

Wojciech Oczko
Wojciech Oczko( also known as" Ocellus")( 1537, Warsaw – 26 December 1599 Lublin) – philosopher, doctor, Royal Secretary to King Sigismund II Augustus, and court physician to kings Sigismund II Augustus, Stephen Báthory, and Sigismund III Vasa. One of the founders of Polish medicine, syphilis and medical writers.

Barbara Giżanka
Barbara Gizanka( 1550- 1589) was the mistress of Sigismund II Augustus. Their relationship attracted considerable attention and was regarded as a scandal.

Zuzanna Orłowska
Zuzanna Orłowska( died after 1583), was the mistress of Sigismund II Augustus. Their relationship lasted for seven years.

Andrzej Zebrzydowski
Andrzej Zebrzydowski,( 1496 in Więcbork – 23 May 1560 in Września), Radwan coat of arms, was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop of Kamieniec Podolski( from 1543), Chełm( from 1545), Włocławek( from 1546) and Kraków( from 25 February 1551); chaplain of Bona Sforza, then supporter of Sigismund II Augustus.

Marcin Kromer
Marcin Kromer (Latin: "Martinus Cromerus"; 11 November 1512 – 23 March 1589) was Prince-Bishop of Warmia (Ermland), a Polish cartographer, diplomat and historian in the Kingdom of Poland and later in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. He was a personal secretary to two Kings of Poland, Sigismund I the Old and Sigismund II Augustus.