Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Zhou Youguang
Zhou Youguang( 13 January 1906 – 14 January 2017), also known as Chou Yu-kuang or Chou Yao- ping was a Chinese economist, banker, linguist, sinologist, publisher, and supercentenarian, known as the" father of Pinyin", a system for the writing of Mandarin Chinese in Roman script, or romanization, which was officially adopted by the government of the People's Republic of China in 1958, the International Organization for Standardization( ISO) in 1982, and the United Nations in 1986.

Fredy Schmidtke
Fredy Schmidtke (1 July 1961 – 1 December 2017) was a German track cyclist. He won a gold medal in the 1000 metres time trial at the 1984 Summer Olympics and finished eighth in the sprint. Schmidtke died of a heart attack on 1 December 2017, at the age of 56.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Chou Meng-tieh
Chou Meng- tieh( 29 December 1921 – 1 May 2014) was a Taiwanese poet and writer. He lived in Tamsui District, New Taipei City.

Zou Yixin
Zou Yixin or Chou Yi- Hsin( 1911–1997) was a Chinese astronomer, who has been called" the first female astronomer in China".

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.