Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Det börjar verka kärlek, banne mig
" Det börjar verka kärlek, banne mig It's Beginning to Look Like Love, Damn It") was the Swedish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1968, performed in Swedish by Claes- Göran Hederström, the winner of Melodifestivalen 1968. Composer Peter Himmelstrand, who incidentally also wrote the two songs that finished in shared third place in the 1968 pre-selections," Gå och göm dig, Åke Tråk" and" Du vet var jag finns", would go on to write fifteen Melodifestivalen entries as well as many other popular Svensktoppen hits all through the 1960s and 1970s. " Det börjar verka kärlek, banne mig" was performed eight on the night, following the Monaco's Line& Willy with" À chacun sa chanson" and preceding Finland's Kristina Hautala with" Kun kello käy". At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing fifth in a field of 17. The song is widely considered a schlager classic in Sweden, mainly because of its- for the genre- highly unconventional title, its use of onomatopoetic expressions and slang and Peter Himmelstrand's humorous lyrics, including phrases like: " The day before yesterday I suddenly turned down the guys, when they invited me to a party and instead I spent a whole evening conversing with your mother, being polite." " Last night I went with you and watched a tearjerker, although I wanted to watch" bang bang". And then I sat listening to a string quartet- me, I only used to like" twang twang" It's beginning to look like love, damn it. The kind of thing you read about in books, imagine that. I just do n't get it, I guess I'm a little stupid. But by all means, I could be wrong ..." The song was succeeded as Swedish representative in the 1969 contest by Tommy Körberg, singing" Judy, min vän". An English- language version" My Time Has Come", was released in 1980.

Dáithí Sproule
Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music. His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.

Mona Wessman
Mona Wessman, born 24 March 1948 in Långsele in Sweden, is a Swedish singer. Her breakthrough came together with Nina Lizell and Claes-Göran Hederström in the "Minishow" TV show, which aired on Pentecost Saturday 1967. Her definitive breakthrough as a recording artist was "Gå och göm dej, Åke Tråk", participating at Melodifestivalen 1968, ending up third, and becoming a Svensktoppen hit peaking at third position. The same year, she toured the folkparks of Sweden together with Nina and Claes-Göran. Sven Lindahl wrote another of her more successful songs, "Hambostinta i kortkort". During the autumn of 1968, she toured with Lenne Broberg, Claes-Göran Hederström and Hipp Happy Band, consisting of Mats Westman, Lasse Sandborg, Stefan Möller och Bertil Bodahl. Scoring several Svensktoppen hits by the late 1960s, she also appeared in the 1968 film " Åsa-Nisse och den stora kalabaliken". She also participated at Melodifestivalen 1973 where the song she performed, "Helledudane en sån karl", ended up last.

Gå och göm dig, Åke Tråk
"Gå och göm dig, Åke Tråk" is a song written by Peter Himmelstrand. Mona Wessman participated with the song at Melodifestivalen 1968, where it ended up third. The song also charted at Svensktoppen for five weeks, peaking at third position.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Panda (Astro song)
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011. The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.