Rotkäppchen
Rotkäppchen is an East German film based on the fairy tale Little Red Riding Hood. It was released in 1962, and sold 5,769,400 tickets.

Giacomo Cimini
Giacomo Cimini is a London-based Italian film director, screenwriter, and producer. He graduated with an MA in filmmaking at the London Film School writing, directing and producing the short film "La Città nel CieloCity in the Sky") that premiered at the 66th Venice Film Festival and achieve international distribution on iTunes. He is represented in USA by talent agencies CAA and in UK by Casarotto Ramsay & Associates. In 2012, he founded the production company Wonder Room Productions. In 2014 he wrote, produced and directed the award winning short film "The Nostalgist" based on a short story by Daniel H. Wilson.

Little Red Riding Hood (1954 film)
Little Red Riding Hood is a German film, directed by Walter Janssen, based on the story of Little Red Riding Hood by the Brothers Grimm. It should not be confused with the 1953 German film" Little Red Riding Hood" which is also based on the fairy tale.

Alexandria Maillot
Alexandria Maillot is a Canadian actress, singer and songwriter. She is known for her role as Lucie in the 2011 Canadian romance horror film" Red Riding Hood".

Red Riding Hood (2011 film)
Red Riding Hood is a 2011 American romance horror film directed by Catherine Hardwicke, and produced by Leonardo DiCaprio, from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson. The film is very loosely based on the folk tale "Little Red Riding Hood" collected by both Charles Perrault under the name "Le Petit Chaperon RougeLittle Red Riding Hood") and several decades later by the Brothers Grimm as "RotkäppchenLittle Red Cap"). It stars Amanda Seyfried as the title role, with Gary Oldman, Billy Burke, Shiloh Fernandez, Max Irons, Virginia Madsen, Lukas Haas and Julie Christie in supporting roles. "Red Riding Hood" had its world premiere at Hollywood on March 7, 2011 and was theatrically released on March 11, 2011, by Warner Bros. Pictures. The film received generally negative reviews from critics, with praise for Seyfrield's performance and atmosphere but criticized its characters and story. It had grossed over $89 million worldwide against a $42 million budget.

Little Red Riding Hood (1953 film)
Little Red Riding Hood is a 1953 West German family film directed by Fritz Genschow and starring Daniela Maris, Werner Stock and Rita- Maria Nowottnick. It is based on the fairy tale" Little Red Riding Hood". It should not be confused with another German adaptation" Little Red Riding Hood" directed by Walter Janssen, which was released the following year.

Tom Thumb and Little Red Riding Hood
Tom Thumb and Little Red Riding Hood is a 1962 Mexican fantasy adventure film directed by Roberto Rodríguez. It is a sequel to two other imported films," Little Red Riding Hood"( 1960) and" Little Red Riding Hood and Friends"( 1961). The dubbed version of the film was theatrically released in United States by K. Gordon Murray in 1965. The film was also released on VHS by Something Weird Video in 2002. An uncut version of the film with English subtitles was released on DVD as Little Red Riding Hood and Tom Thumb vs. the Monsters.

Little Red Riding Hood (1920 film)
Little Red Riding Hood is a 1920 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Svatopluk Innemann.

About the Little Red Riding Hood
About the Little Red Riding Hood is a 1977 Soviet two- part musical TV movie based on the ideas of Charles Perrault and directed by Leonid Nechayev The story is a sequel of the tale of Little Red Riding Hood. The film is a deconstruction of the classic fairy tale. The manner in which the characters of the wolves is portrayed is different from the original story, as the wolves are viewed as human beings throughout the film. They are akin to a family of forest hermits or a clan of bandits.

Red Riding Hood (2003 film)
Red Riding Hood is a 2003 Italian horror film loosely based on the story of Little Red Riding Hood, directed by Giacomo Cimini, the film stars Roberto Purvis as Tom Hunter, Justine Powell as Arianna and Kathleen Archebald as Rose McKenzie.