St Joseph's College, Trincomalee
St. Joseph's College( SJC) is a national school in Trincomalee, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.

St. Joseph's College, Wattala
St. Joseph's College, Wattala is a Catholic College which is a branch school of St. Joseph's College, Colombo.

St Joseph's College, Nudgee
St Joseph's Nudgee College( commonly referred to simply as Nudgee or Nudgee College) is a private, Roman Catholic, day and boarding school for boys, located in Boondall, a northern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Some of the buildings of the school were listed in the Queensland Heritage Register in 2006. In 1891 it was decided by the Congregation of Christian Brothers that because of the large numbers of boarders at St. Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace and insufficient room to house them that a new school be opened to cater for the boarders. Both schools share St. Joseph's College as part of their name and follow the Edmund Rice tradition. Nudgee currently caters for approximately 1600 students from Years 5 to 12, including 300 boarders. Tuition is offered to boys in Years 5 to 12. St Joseph's is affiliated with the Australian Boarding Schools Association( ABSA), the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia( AHISA), the Junior School Heads Association of Australia( JSHAA), and is a founding member of the Great Public Schools Association of Queensland( GPS).

St Joseph's College, Echuca
St Joseph's College is an independent Roman Catholic co-educational secondary day school, located in Echuca, Victoria, Australia. Established in 1886, St. Joseph's works under the governance of the Brigidine Sisters.

St Joseph's College, Anuradhapura
St. Joseph's College is a public Catholic secondary school for boys located in Anuradhapura, North Central Province, Sri Lanka.

St Joseph's College, Curepipe
St. Joseph ’s College( located in Curepipe, Mauritius) is a publicly funded Roman Catholic all- boys secondary school.

St. Joseph's Pre-University College
St. Joseph ’s Pre-University College( SJPUC) is an educational institution located in Bangalore, India. The college is managed by the Society of Jesus( Jesuits). Through the Bangalore Jesuit Educational Society( BJES) St. Joseph's executes the objectives of the Jesuit philosophy of education. While St. Joseph's College, Bangalore, dates to 1882, the pre-university division became independent in 2001 after the Government of Karnataka determined that PU studies would be separate from graduate studies. Graduate studies in science and arts are now the responsibility of St. Joseph's College while graduate programs in commerce are mainly taught by St. Joseph's College of Commerce. There is also an evening division. Also, to accommodate more students who were interested in commerce, graduate studies in commerce have also begun at the St. Joseph's College.

St Joseph's College, Coalisland
St Joseph's College( Irish:" Coláiste Naomh Seosamh") is a Catholic secondary school located in Coalisland, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.

St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace
St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace( commonly known as Gregory Terrace or GT) is a Greater Public Schools private, Catholic, day school for boys only, located in Spring Hill, an inner suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. Founded on 5 July 1875 by three Irish Christian Brothers, the College follows the Edmund Rice tradition, and currently caters for about 1436 students from Years 5 to 12. St Joseph's College is affiliated with the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia( AHISA), It is no longer affiliated with the Combined Independent Colleges( CIC), and is a founding member of the Great Public Schools' Association Inc( GPS). An Old Boy,( former student who graduated from Terrace) Hugh Lunn, wrote books about his life at St Joseph's College, Gregory Terrace.

Saint Ignatius' College, Adelaide
Saint Ignatius' College, Adelaide, is an independent co-educational day school located in Adelaide, South Australia, part of the international network of Jesuit schools which began in Messina, Sicily, in 1548. The patron saint of the College is the founder of the Society of Jesus( the Jesuits), Ignatius of Loyola. The College has two campuses: the Junior Campus in Norwood, containing the Junior School( Reception to Year 6 students) and Early Childhood Centre( 3 to 5 years old), and the Senior Campus in Athelstone, located across some 16 hectares of land, home to the Senior School( Year 7 to 12 students).