Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Key to the World
Key to the World or variants may refer to:

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Qissa (film)
Qissa is a 2013 Indian- German drama film in Punjabi written and directed by Anup Singh. The film was released in Indian theaters on 20 February 2015 nationwide and simultaneously on DVD and VOD as well. The film was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival where it won the Netpac Award for World or International Asian Film. The theme of the film focuses on desire of a Sikh man towards having a son to continue the family lineage.

Dharti
Dharti(" Earth") is a 1970 Bollywood action film directed by C.V. Sridhar. The film stars Rajendra Kumar and Waheeda Rehman. It is a remake of the 1969 Tamil language film" Sivandha Mann" that starred Sivaji Ganesan.

Karla's World
Karla's World is a 2007 Danish movie based on the 2003 book of the same title written by Renée Simonsen, the film is directed by Charlotte Sachs Bostrup.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

A Groom from the Other World
A Groom from the Other World or is a 1958 Soviet comedy film directed by Leonid Gaidai.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.