Lucknow Airpark
Lucknow Airpark formerly was located adjacent to Lucknow, Ontario, Canada.

Lubnowy
Lubnowy is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian- Masurian Voivodeship, Poland:

Forty Fort, Pennsylvania
Forty Fort is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,214 at the 2010 census. Its neighbors are Wyoming( to the north), Plains Township( to the east), Kingston( to the south), and Swoyersville( to the west). The Wilkes- Barre Wyoming Valley Airport and the Wyoming Seminary Lower School are both located in the borough.

Kabala Airport
Kabala Airport is a general aviation municipal airport and heliport located in Kabala, Sierra Leone. The Sierra Leone Transportation Authority is in the process of expanding the airport to include a landing strip and other facilities. This will allow non-commercial and small planes to use the airport and will facilitate travel throughout the Province.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Varanasi–Sultanpur–Lucknow line
The Varanasi – Jaunpur City- Sultanpur- Lucknow line( also known as Varanasi- Lucknow via Sultanpur- Jaunpur main line) is a railway line connecting Varanasi and Lucknow, both in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. This line is under the administration of Northern Railway and Lucknow Charbagh Divisions.

Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Valleyview Airport
Valleyview Airport,, is located south of Valleyview, Alberta, Canada.

Jawty
Jawty is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian- Masurian Voivodeship, Poland:

Radzice
Radzice is part of the name of two villages, both located in Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland: