Johnstone Higher Secondary School, Imphal: Johnstone Higher Secondary School is a premier higher secondary school in Manipur located at the heart of Imphal city in Bir Tikendrajit Road. The school is an institution recognised by Council of Higher Secondary Education, Manipur.

Model Technical Higher Secondary School, Kaloor: The Model Technical Higher Secondary School( MTHSS) is the pioneer in a group of Model Technical Higher Secondary Schools located in Kerala, India. These schools were established to provide education in the technological and hi-tech sectors. The schools are managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development( IHRD) and promote scientific advancement, technological progress and economic growth. The instruction is conducted in English.

Seethi Sahib Higher Secondary School: Seethi Sahib Higher Secondary School is a prominent higher secondary school in Kerala located in Taliparamba, Kerala, India. It was established in 1968. The school is named after former Speaker Seethi Sahib of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. School is noted for the large number of students attending SSLC public exams each year and their good results. According to school website, around 3500 students currently attends Seethi Sahib H S S. Both high school and higher secondary follows state syllabus. Medium of instruction for higher secondary is English like all higher secondary schools in the state and for high school Malayalam and English are available as options.

Model Technical Higher Secondary Schools: The Model Technical Higher Secondary Schools are a set of secondary schools located in Kerala, India. These schools were established as part of the growth in the technology and hi-tech sectors and as a means of providing education in these areas. These schools are managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development( IHRD) and promote scientific advancement, technological progress, and economic growth. The instruction is conducted in English.

Model Technical Higher Secondary School, Kaprassery: The Model Technical Higher Secondary School( MTHSS) is a school among a group of Model Technical Higher Secondary Schools located in Kaprassery, Kerala, India. The schools are managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development( IHRD). Instruction is conducted in English.

Salt Brook Academy: Salt Brook Academy is a Junior College, established in 1995, and located in Dibrugarh of Assam, India. Salt Brook Academy is a co-educational institution with more than 1200 students, in a self-contained campus with all necessary infrastructural facilities. It is situated at Boiragimoth, in the heart of the city Dibrugarh. This institution is run by a society, named Salt Brook Academy Society registered under the Society Act of 1860. Salt Brook Academy initially was a Junior College of Science stream but soon the academy covered all the three streams, Arts (for girls), Science and Commerce, recognized by the Assam Higher Secondary Education Council, vide letter AHSEC/RPR/DIB/C/313/9489, Dt. 11/01/2012.

Technical Higher Secondary School, Vazhakkad: The Technical Higher Secondary School( THSS) is a technical higher secondary school in Vazhakkad, Malappuram, in India. Part of the Model Technical Higher Secondary Schools, which provides education in the technological and hi-tech sectors in the Indian state of Kerala, this school was established in 1993 in Vazhakkad and is managed by the Institute of Human Resources Development( IHRD) and promote scientific advancement, technological progress and economic growth. Courses are conducted in English.

Shree Damodar Higher Secondary School of Science: Shree Damodar Higher Secondary School of Science is a co-educational Higher Secondary School preparing students to appear for the HSSC examinations of the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, Margao, Goa, India.

Ghilamara Model Higher Secondary School: Ghilamara Model Higher Secondary School is a Higher Secondary School situated in Ghilamara Lakhimpur Assam. It was Established in 1952.

Pushpadana Girls' College, Kandy: Pushpadana Girls' College is public girls' schools located in Kandy.