Emil Corsillo Inc
Emil Corsillo Inc. was a company that manufactured hairpieces; primarily for the entertainment industry.

Haribo
Haribo  is a German confectionery company founded in 1920 by Johannes "Hans" Riegel, Sr. It began in Kessenich, Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia; the name is an acronym formed from Hans Riegel, Bonn. The company created the first gummy candy in 1922 in the form of little gummy bears called "Gummibärchen". The current headquarters is in Grafschaft, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The Landesmuseum Koblenz created a traveling exhibition about the history of Haribo in 2006.

J & E Wood
J& E Wood was a company that manufactured stationary steam engines. It was based in the Bolton in Greater Manchester, England. The company produced large steam- driven engines for textile mills in Lancashire and elsewhere.

Hispano-Argentina
Hispano- Argentina was an Argentinian automotive and engineering company that manufactured vehicles, aircraft, machinery, weaponry and parts for public works.

Berna (disambiguation)
Berna was a Swiss company that manufactured buses and trucks. It may also refer to:

Skatterbrane
Skatterbrane was a company that manufactured guitar pickups. The company and website shut down in 2015 or 2016.

Rick-Tone
Rick- Tone is a United States company that manufactured guitar amplifiers in the late 1980s and early 1990s.

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.

Fraise Tagada
The Fraise Tagada ("Tagada Strawberry") is a candy invented in 1969 by the Haribo Company. The Fraise Tagada is presented in the shape of an inflated strawberry covered in fine sugar, colored pink and scented. The candy is made from sugar, glucose syrup, gelatin, citric acid, flavoring, curcumin (coloring), carmine, mixed carotenes. There has, however, also been version's produced that do not contain curcumin.

Lang Propellers
Lang Propellers was a British company that manufactured aircraft propellers. The company operated independently from 1913 to 1936.