Always in My Heart (film): Always in My Heart is a 1942 American drama film directed by Jo Graham and starring Kay Francis and Walter Huston. The song" Siempre en Mi CorazónAlways in My Heart"), by Ernesto Lecuona( music and Spanish lyrics) and Kim Gannon( English lyrics) was nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Song.

William Asher: William Milton Asher( August 8, 1921 – July 16, 2012) was an American television and film producer, film director, and screenwriter. He was one of the most prolific early television directors, producing or directing over two dozen series. With television in its infancy, Asher introduced the sitcom" Our Miss Brooks", which was adapted from a radio show. He began directing" I Love Lucy" by 1952. In 1964, he produced and directed" Bewitched", which starred his then- wife Elizabeth Montgomery. As a result of his early success, Asher was considered an" early wunderkind of TV- land," and was hyperbolically credited in one magazine article with" inventing" the sitcom. Asher was nominated for an Emmy Award four times, winning once for directing" Bewitched" in 1966. He was also nominated for the DGA Award in 1951 for" I Love Lucy".

Claude Weisz: Claude Weisz is a French film director born in Paris.

Butcher, Baker, Nightmare Maker: Butcher, Baker, Nightmare Maker, later released as Night Warning, is a 1981 American exploitation horror film directed by William Asher, and starring Susan Tyrrell, Jimmy McNichol, Julia Duffy, and Bo Svenson. Framed as a contemporary Oedipus tale, the plot focuses on a teenager who, raised by his neurotic aunt, finds himself at the center of a murder investigation after she stabs a man to death in their house. The boy's sexually repressed aunt secretly harbors incestuous feelings for him, while a homophobic detective investigating the crime irrationally believes the murder to be a result of a homosexual love triangle. Financed by the independent Royal American Picture, the film was shot in Los Angeles in 1981. Michael Miller was originally hired to direct, and completed the filming of the opening sequence with cinematographer Jan de Bont before being fired and replaced by Asher, who shot the remainder of the film with Robbie Greenberg. Given a regional release in Oregon in November 1981 through Comworld Pictures, the film expanded to other U.S. cities in early 1982, and was nominated for a Saturn Award for the Best Horror Movie of 1982 by the Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Films. It was reissued theatrically in 1983 under the title" Night Warning", under which it was subsequently released on home video. The film has attracted critical discussion for its early positive portrayal of a gay male character.

A Flame in My Heart: A Flame in My Heart is a 1987 French- Swiss drama film directed by Alain Tanner.

Jimmy McNichol: James Vincent McNichol III( born July 2, 1961), known professionally as Jimmy McNichol, is an American former child actor and singer who first gained fame as a teen idol in the late 1970s. At the beginning of his career his popularity quickly grew causing networks like CBS, to create and implement multiple television series specifically for his involvement and leading roles. After making a record number of appearances on top talk shows he was viewed by many as" the face you see everywhere." In 1978, McNichol recorded an album with his sister, Kristy, also a former actress, and the two went on to host a youth- oriented variety show for ABC. McNichol subsequently had lead roles in" Smokey Bites the Dust"( 1981), and opposite Susan Tyrrell in the horror film" Butcher, Baker, Nightmare Maker"( 1981). After retiring from acting in the 1990s, McNichol relocated with his family to Colorado, and has been active in environmentalist causes, and working as a real estate investor and home renovator.

W. Augustus Barratt: W. Augustus Barratt( 1873- 1947) was a Scottish- born, later American, songwriter and musician.

Alain Tanner: Alain Tanner( born 6 December 1929) is a Swiss film director.

Hole in My Heart: Hole in My Heart may refer to:

In My Heart: In My Heart may refer to: