Dáithí Sproule
Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music. His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.

Jim Bob
James Robert Morrison, known as Jim Bob, is a British musician and author. He was the singer of indie punk band Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Levels (Meek Mill song)
"Levels" is a song by American rapper Meek Mill, released on July 2, 2013 as the lead single from the Maybach Music Group compilation album, "Self Made Vol. 3". The song has since peaked at number 15 on the US "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.

Astrid North
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter. She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums. As guest singer of the band she published three albums.

Meek Mill
Robert Rihmeek Williams (born May 6, 1987), known professionally as Meek Mill, is an American rapper, songwriter, and activist. Born and raised in Philadelphia, he embarked on his music career as a battle rapper, and later formed a short-lived rap group, The Bloodhoundz. In 2008, Atlanta-based rapper T.I. signed Meek Mill to his first record deal. In February 2011, after leaving Grand Hustle Records, Mill signed with Miami-based rapper Rick Ross's Maybach Music Group (MMG). Mill's debut album, "Dreams and Nightmares", was released in 2012 under MMG and Warner Bros. Records. The album, preceded by the lead single "Amen" (featuring Drake), debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. In October 2012, Mill announced the launch of his own label imprint, Dream Chasers Records, named after his mixtape series. Meek Mill often collaborates with fellow MMG label-mates; he is also known for his appearances on MMG's "Self Made" compilation series, with his first two singles, "Tupac Back" and "Ima Boss", being included on volume one. He released his second album, "Dreams Worth More Than Money", in 2015 and his third album, "Wins & Losses", in 2016. His fourth studio album, "Championships", was released in November 2018 and debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200. Its lead single, "Going Bad" (featuring Drake), peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. In November 2017, he was sentenced to two to four years in prison for violating parole and served five months at the State Correctional Institution – Chester in Chester, Pennsylvania, before being released while his trial continues. In August 2019, a documentary series about his battle with the criminal justice system, "Free Meek", was released on Amazon's Prime Video. Mill served as executive producer on the series.

Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Szilvia Péter Szabó
Szilvia Péter Szabó( born 9 September 1982 in Szeged, Hungary) is Hungarian pop singer. She is most well known as the singer of the Hungarian folk- pop band NOX.