Beast of Blood (film)
Beast of Blood, released in the UK as Blood Devils, is a 1970 Filipino horror film. A sequel to" The Mad Doctor of Blood Island", it was directed by Eddie Romero. It was the fourth in a series of four Filipino horror films, produced by Romero and Kane W. Lynn, known as the" Blood Island" series, which also included" Terror Is a ManBrides of Blood" and" Beast of Blood". It was also Romero's last film for Lynn's Hemisphere Pictures, as the two went their separate ways after this film was completed.

Mi mujer, la sueca y yo
Mi mujer, la sueca y yo is a 1967 Argentine film.

Mi mujer no es mi señora
Mi mujer no es mi señora is a 1978 Argentine film.

Mi mujer está loca
Mi mujer está loca is a 1952 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper and Enrique Cahen Salaberry, and starring Amelia Bence, Alberto Closas, and Amalia Sánchez Ariño.

Busco novio para mi mujer
Busco novio para mi mujer is a 2016 Mexican romantic comedy film directed by Enrique Begne and co-written by Begne, Leticia López Margalli, and Gabriel Ripstein based on Pablo Solarz's 2008 Argentine film" Un novio para mi mujer".

Hoy le toca a mi mujer
Hoy le toca a mi mujer is a 1973 Argentine film.

A Boyfriend for My Wife
Un Novio Para Mi Mujer  is a blockbuster 2008 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Juan Taratuto and starring Adrián Suar, Valeria Bertuccelli, and Gabriel Goity. It was the highest grossing Argentine film in 2008. In 2009, Warner Bros. bought the rights of the film. A South Korean remake directed by Min Kyu-dong, "All About My Wife", was released in 2012. Pantelion Films released a Mexican remake called "Busco novio para mi mujer" in 2016. An Italian remake was also released, called "Un fidanzato per mia moglie", in 2014.

Book of Blood
Book of Blood is a 2009 British mystery dramatic erotic horror film directed by John Harrison and starring Jonas Armstrong, Sophie Ward, and Doug Bradley. It is based on the framing stories" The Book of Blood" and" On Jerusalem Street( A Postscript)" from Clive Barker's" Books of Blood".

Corridors of Blood
Corridors of Blood is a 1958 horror film directed by Robert Day. It starred Boris Karloff and Christopher Lee. The original music score was composed by Buxton Orr. The film was marketed with the tagline" Tops in Terror!" in the US where MGM only released it in 1962 as a double feature with an Italian import called" Werewolf in a Girls' Dormitory".

Con mi mujer no puedo
Con mi mujer no puedo is a 1978 Argentine film.