Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Single Video Theory
Single Video Theory is a music documentary directed by Mark Pellington that follows the making of "Yield", the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released first on VHS on August 4, 1998, and then on DVD on November 24, 1998.

Majority (film)
Majority  is a 2010 Turkish drama film directed by Seren Yüce, which tells the story of a middle class young man rebelling against his father's brutish authority while seeking a rough romance with a woman of ethnic minority. The film, which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on , won several Golden Orange awards at the 47th International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival and was premiered at the 67th Venice International Film Festival, where it won the award for best debut film. Hürriyet Daily News reporter Vercihan Zilioğlu wrote that, "The director's moral tale draws on the example of today's Turkish youth and the timeless shadow of fathers over sons," and Today's Zaman reviewer Emine Yıldırım concludes that this is, "one of the rawest and truest stories from our society," and "As Yüce’s hardcore realism shows us, love sometimes does not conquer all when individuals chose to become part of the herd."

Baker's Hawk
Baker's Hawk is a 1976 American western adventure film directed by Lyman D. Dayton and starring Clint Walker, Burl Ives, Diane Baker, Lee H. Montgomery and Alan Young. It is based on the novel of the same name by Jack Bickham.

Bommalattam (2008 film)
Bommalattam is a 2008 Indian Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja starring Arjun Sarja and Nana Patekar in the lead roles. Originally filmed in Hindi under the title" Cinema", the film was released first in Tamil. Hindi version retitled" Final Cut of Director" had a limited release in 2016. This marked Nana Patekar's Tamil film debut.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

Empties
Empties is a 2007 film directed by Jan Svěrák and written by his father Zdeněk Svěrák, who also stars in the film. It was released first in the Czech Republic in March 2007. The film is a comedy from the same team which made Kolya.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.