Le Maître d'école
Le maître d'école is a 1981 French comedy film directed by Claude Berri.

The Ironmaster (1933 film)
The Ironmaster is a 1933 French drama film scripted and supervised by Abel Gance, and directed by Fernand Rivers. It is a remake of the 1912 film" Le Maître de forges". In 1948 Rivers himself remade the film.

Le Maître de pension
Le Maître de pension is a 1973 French film directed by Marcel Moussy.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Kizhakke Varum Paattu
Kizhakke Varum Paattu is a 1993 Indian Tamil- language romance film directed by Radha Bharathi starring Prashanth and Charmila in lead roles. The music was composed by Deva. The film was a flop at the box office.

Il padrone delle ferriere
Il padrone delle ferriere is a 1959 Italian- Spanish historical melodrama film written and directed by Anton Giulio Majano. It is based on the novel" Le Maître de forges" by Georges Ohnet.

Le Maître-nageur
Le Maître- nageur is a 1979 French comedy- drama film directed by Jean- Louis Trintignant.

The Ironmaster (1948 film)
The Ironmaster( French: Le maître de forges) is a 1948 French drama film directed by Fernand Rivers and starring Hélène Perdrière, Jean Chevrier and Jeanne Provost. The film's sets were designed by the art directors Robert Giordani and René Renoux.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".