El show del fútbol
El show del fútbol is an Argentine TV program.

Lerato Mbele
Lerato Mbele- Roberts is a South African journalist and broadcaster working for the BBC. Mbele is the presenter of “ Talking Business Africa ” and was the presenter of the long running “ Africa Business Report" on BBC World News. She used to be one of the main presenters of" Newsday" on the.

Mauricio Kleiff
Mauricio Kleyff( March 14, 1931 – March 23, 2010) was a Mexican screenwriter best known for writing the scripts of the television programs" El show de los Polivoces" and" Los Beverly de Peralvillo".

El Show de Renny
El Show de Renny ("The Renny Show") was a Venezuelan variety show hosted by Renny Ottolina that aired from 1958 to 1971 on Radio Caracas Televisión (RCTV). Ottolina also wrote and produced the show, becoming one of the first independent television producers in Venezuela. The show featured " Las Chicas de RennyThe Girls of Renny"). They included Julia Pérez (later known as Marina Baura),Maria Padron de Leon, Maria Gracia Bianchi, Ingrid Bolaw (later Ingrid Garbo), Gudelia Castillo, Liduvina Ramírez, the twins Jeanette and Zayda Garcia, and Elizabeth Flores Gil. In order to have the best and most up to date show, Ottolina hired foreign choreographers such as Sandra Le Brocc and Jim Huntley, and famous Latin American presenters Paula Bellini and Susana Duijm. Ottolina would typically host El Show de Renny for two consecutive years and then take a year off, spending that time in another country. Due to this, there were interruptions to the show between the years 1959 and 1961, 1962 and 1964, and 1965 and 1967. While on one of his breaks in 1960, Renny Ottolina hosted an English language program on the New York City television station WABC-TV. When he returned to Venezuela in 1961, he introduced the sketches format to his show. On February 3, 1965, Ottolina began hosting another show on RCTV called "Renny Presenta... Renny Presents... Renny Presenta... " mostly featured music and was co-hosted by Ivan Valdez. In 1970, this show was moved to Cadena Venezolana de Television (CVTV). In 1971, "El Show de Renny" aired for the last time and Ottolina left RCTV. Most of the show's recordings were lost in a 1978 fire. El Show de Renny became one of the most remembered television shows in Venezuela and gave Ottolina fame and prestige.

El Show de las Estrellas
El Show de las Estrellas is a Colombian musical concert TV show hosted by Jorge Barón and produced by his "programadora" Jorge Barón Televisión. It airs on Canal Uno in Colombia and on Caracol Internacional in the United States and Europe. It was first aired on Canal Uno (previously known as Canal Nacional) in 1969 as "El Show de Jorge Barón y su estrella invitada". In 1983 and 1984, the media personality Virginia Vallejo was the co-host of the show.

Rosaura Andreu
Rosaura Andreu( 1 January 1918 – 21 November 2010) was a Cuban- born actress who found wide fame in Puerto Rico as a children's television show host. Andreu, who was a struggling actress in her country, left Cuba after the revolution, arriving in Puerto Rico during the Puerto Rican television's formation era. She became known to the children television viewers in such programs as Romper Room con Berta and others. During the 1970s, she became widely famous across her adopted island when the public television channel, WIPR- TV, started showing her programme," El Show de Titi ChaguaAuntie Chagua's Show"). The show had tough competition, such as WRIK/ WLUZ's" Sandra Zaiter show", WAPA- TV's" El Show de Pacheco"( with Joaquin Monserrat as" Pacheco") and WKAQ- TV's" El show del Tío NobelUncle Nobel's Show"). The four main children's shows in Puerto Rico at that era were shown at the same hour every weekday, to compete against each other as" El Show de Tio Nobel" also had Saturday and Sunday morning editions. However, her show stayed on the air until the middle 1980s, when WLUZ was sold and relaunched as WSTE in 1987.

Eddie Miró
Eddie Miró( born 1936 in Humacao, Puerto Rico), is a television show host in Puerto Rico of Sephardic origin. He is best known for being the host of Telemundo Puerto Rico's variety show" El Show de las 12"( The 12 pm Show) for over 40 years. Like Dick Clark in the United States, Miró is known for longevity in front of the cameras while aging relatively little physically. During the long television run of" El Show de las 12", he came into contact with many famous entertainers, both local and foreign. Some of the local celebrities he worked with as co-hosts and guest stars, were Nydia Caro, Luis Antonio Cosme, Awilda Carbia, Ángela Meyer, Otilio Warrington, Dagmar, Lou Briel, the members of El Gran Combo and Menudo, Machuchal and others. Foreign acts that he presented included Raphael, Celia Cruz, Julio Iglesias, Rocío Jurado, Sandro de América, Marylin Pupo,( who resides in Puerto Rico but is Cuban) Gloria Trevi, José Luis Rodríguez" El Puma", and many others. In Puerto Rico's competitive television market, Miró outlasted rival hosts Luis Vigoreaux and his son Luisito of WAPA- TV, and, later on, Televicentro competition such and Luis Antonio Rivera(" Yoyo Boing"), who were among the hosts of" El Show de las 12" s main competitor," El Show del Mediodia"( The Midday Show). It should be mentioned that Eddie Miró outlasted Luis Vigoreaux in part because of Vigoreaux's murder in 1983.

Andy Muirhead
Andrew Robert" Andy" Muirhead( born 1975) is an Australian former radio and television presenter for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. He was the presenter of ABC Radio's breakfast program in Tasmania and also the presenter of the" Collectors" television program from 2005 to 2010. In 2012, he pleaded guilty to accessing child pornography and served four months of a five- month jail sentence.

Renny Ottolina
Renaldo José Ottolina Pinto (December 11, 1928 – March 16, 1978) was a Venezuelan producer and entertainer. Born in Valencia, Carabobo, he performed professionally under the name Renny Ottolina.

Humberto Luna
Humberto Luna is a Spanish- language radio personality, TV host, and movie actor. He currently has a Spanish- language radio show broadcast throughout the United States called" El Show de Humberto Luna".