Tnúthgal mac Donngaile
Tnúthgal mac Donngaile( or Tnúthgal mac Donngusa)( died 820) was a supposed King of Munster from the Eóganacht Chaisil branch of the Eoganachta. He was a fifth generation descendant of Colgú mac Faílbe Flaind( died 678), a previous king. Tnúthgal appears in some king lists but this is suspect. He is not mentioned in the Irish annals and his death date of 820 is based on the accession of Feidlimid mac Cremthanin( died 847) in that year. A confusion between him and Tnúthgal mac Artrach( died circa 807) may have occurred. His grandsons Áilgenán mac Donngaile( died 853) and Máel Gualae mac Donngaile( died 859) were Kings of Munster.

Faílbe Flann mac Áedo Duib
Faílbe Flann mac Áedo Duib (died 639) was a King of Munster from the Eóganacht Chaisil branch of the Eoganachta. He succeeded Cathal mac Áedo Flaind Chathrach of the Glendamnach branch in 628. He was the younger brother of a previous king Fíngen mac Áedo Duib (d. 618). His sobriquet Flann meant "blood-red".

Hysen Hoxha
Hysen Efendi Hoxha( 1861–1934) was an Albanian politician, mayor of Gjirokastër, and the uncle of Enver Hoxha.

Ivan Benito
Ivan Benito( born 27 August 1976 in Aarau) is a Swiss retired professional footballer who played as goalkeeper. He is the uncle of Loris Benito.

Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini
Bonifazio Bevilacqua Aldobrandini (1571 – April 7, 1627) was an Italian Cardinal. He was the uncle of Pope Gregory XIV.

John Breckin
John Breckin( born 27 July 1953) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left- back. He is the uncle of Nottingham Forest defender Ian Breckin.

Finguine mac Cathail
Finguine mac Cathail Con-cen- máthair( died 696) was a King of Munster from the Glendamnach branch of the Eoganachta. He was the son of Cathal Cú- cen- máthair mac Cathaíl( d. 665). He succeeded Colgú mac Faílbe Flaind in 678. During his reign the law text" Cáin Fuithirbe" was enacted at Mag Fuithirbe on the borders of Cork and Kerry in 683. Representatives of the major tribes of Munster are mentioned in the tract. Finguine's known son was Cathal mac Finguine( d. 742) a powerful King of Munster. He is a recurring character in Peter Tremayne's" Sister Fidelma" mysteries.

Colgú mac Faílbe Flaind
Colgú mac Faílbe Flaind (died 678) was a King of Munster from the Eóganacht Chaisil branch of the Eoganachta. He was the son of Faílbe Flann mac Áedo Duib (d.639), a previous king. He succeeded Cathal Cú-cen-máthair mac Cathail as king in 665. The annals mention no details of his reign. His known son was named Nad Froích. He is also a prominent character in the "Sister Fidelma" mystery series written by Peter Tremayne.

Ivan Novoseltsev
Ivan Petrovich Novoseltsev( born January 23, 1979) is a Russian former professional ice hockey winger. He is the uncle of Vladislav Namestnikov.

Bradley Orr
Bradley James Orr( born 1 November 1982) is an English retired footballer. He is the uncle of Rangers defender Jon Flanagan.