Carnival of Souls (Buffy novel): Carnival of Souls is an original novel based on the U.S. television series" Buffy the Vampire Slayer".

The Ship of Souls (film): The Ship of Souls was a 1925 silent 3- D western, directed by Charles Miller. It was based on the western novel" The Ship of Souls" by Emerson Hough, published after his death. It was produced by Max O. Miller, who created the 3- D process used in the film.

Carnival of Souls (disambiguation): Carnival of Souls is a 1962 horror film. Carnival of Souls may also refer to:

Carnival of Souls (1998 film): Carnival of Souls( also billed as Wes Craven Presents' Carnival of Souls') is a 1998 American horror film, a remake of Herk Harvey's 1962 horror film of the same name, although it has very little in common with the story of the original. It stars Bobbie Phillips and comedian Larry Miller, and was directed by Adam Grossman and Ian Kessner. It was executive produced by Wes Craven.

Carnival of Souls (1998 film): Carnival of Souls( also billed as Wes Craven Presents' Carnival of Souls') is a 1998 American horror film, a remake of Herk Harvey's 1962 horror film of the same name, although it has very little in common with the story of the original. It stars Bobbie Phillips and comedian Larry Miller, and was directed by Adam Grossman and Ian Kessner. It was executive produced by Wes Craven.

Uvanga: Uvanga(' I, me, mine') is a Canadian drama film, released in 2013. Written and directed by Marie- Hélène Cousineau and Madeline Ivalu, it was the second narrative feature film released by Arnait Video Productions. The film stars Marianne Farley as Anna, a woman from Montreal who once had a relationship with Caleb, an Inuk man from Igloolik, Nunavut; after learning of Caleb's death, she takes their 14- year- old son Tomas( Lukasi Forrest) on a trip to Nunavut to learn more about his Inuit heritage. Sarah( Ivalu), Caleb's mother and Tomas' grandmother, tries to keep the peace between Anna and Caleb's widow Sheba( Carol Kunnuk), while Tomas bonds with his half- brother Travis( Travis Kunnuk) and Anna begins to suspect that Sheba's new boyfriend Barrie( Peter- Henry Arnatsiaq) may know more about Caleb's death than he has admitted. The film garnered three Jutra Award nominations at the 17th Jutra Awards, in the categories of Best Sound( Eric Ladouceur, Luc Mandeville and Lynne Trépanier), Best Editing( Glenn Berman) and Best Original Music( Alain Auger).

Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions: Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions( also known as simply Carnival of Souls) is the seventeenth studio album by American rock band Kiss, released in 1997. It is the band's final album with lead guitarist Bruce Kulick, as well as their last album with drummer Eric Singer until 2009's" Sonic Boom". The album is a departure from the band's classic hard rock style, in favor of a dark and dense grunge- oriented sound. It is also the band's last album of their unmasking era.

Journey of Souls: Journey of Souls may refer to:

Carnival of Souls: Carnival of Souls is a 1962 American independent horror film written, produced, and directed by Herk Harvey, and starring Candace Hilligoss. Its plot follows Mary Henry, a young woman whose life is disturbed after a car accident. She relocates to a new city, where she finds herself unable to assimilate with the locals, and becomes drawn to the pavilion of an abandoned carnival; director Harvey also appears in the film as a ghoulish stranger who stalks her throughout. Filmed in Lawrence, Kansas and Salt Lake City, "Carnival of Souls" was shot on a budget of $33,000, and Harvey employed various guerrilla filmmaking techniques to finish the production. It was Harvey's only feature film, and did not gain widespread attention when originally released as a double feature with "The Devil's Messenger" in 1962. Set to an organ score by Gene Moore, the film has been contemporarily noted by critics and film scholars for its cinematography and foreboding atmosphere. The film has a large cult following and is occasionally screened at film and Halloween festivals, and has been cited as a wide-ranging influence on numerous filmmakers, including David Lynch, George A. Romero and even Argentine auteur Lucrecia Martel.

Bridge of Souls: The Bridge of Souls or Bridge of Souls may refer to: