Olaf (II) Haraldsen
Olaf Haraldsen( died) was a Danish anti-king who ruled Scania for a few years from 1139. He never won control over the rest of Denmark, and he is not included in the list of Danish monarchs used by the Danish monarchy or" Den Store Danske Encyklopædi". He is sometimes called" Olaf II" even though there was a later Olaf II of Denmark. He was the son of Harald Kesja and thus nephew of King Eric II of Denmark. He seems to have been the only who escaped Eric II's murder of Harald and his sons in 1135. After trying in vain to regain his heritage, Olaf proclaimed himself king in Scania in 1139, fighting his cousin King Eric III of Denmark. The civil war mostly consisted of alternating raids, during which Olaf killed Bishop Rike of Roskilde, an act that saw him excommunicated by the Pope. He was at last defeated by Eric III and was killed in a battle in Middle Scania around 1143. Harald Skrænk, the leader of a peasant rebellion in Scania about 1182, is said to have been Olaf's illegitimate son, but their connection is unsure.

Emperor Daigo
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930. He is named after his place of burial.

Harald III of Denmark
Harald III (Harald the Whetstone, ; – April 17, 1080) was King of Denmark from 1076 to 1080. Harald III was an illegitimate son of Danish king Sweyn II Estridsson, and contested the crown with some of his brothers. He was a peaceful ruler who initiated a number of reforms. Harald was married to his cousin Margareta Hasbjörnsdatter, but did not leave any heirs, and was succeeded by his brother Canute IV the Saint. Four of his half-brothers were in turn crowned Danish kings, with his youngest brother becoming the Danish king known as Harald IV (Harald the Young), Danish: Harald Olpe.

Elisiv of Kiev
Elisaveta Yaroslavna of Kiev( Norwegian:" Ellisif" or" Elisiv", 1025 – c. 1067), was a Princess of Kiev and Queen Consort of King Harald III of Norway.

Margareta Hasbjörnsdatter
Margareta Hasbjörnsdatter or "Margareta Asbjørnsdatter" (11th century) was Queen consort of Denmark as the spouse of King Harald III. Margareta was the daughter of jarl Asbjörn Ulfsen, possibly an uncle of her spouse; she would thereby have been her husband's cousin. No children are known from the marriage. The dates of her birth and death are unknown. A DNA test in 2003 dispelled the centuries-old legend that Estrid Svendsdatter was buried in the northeastern pier of the Roskilde Cathedral. The new theory is that the sign on the pier refers to Margareta Hasbjörnsdatter, who was also known as Estrid.

John Dalgleish Donaldson
John Dalgleish Donaldson( born 5 September 1941) is a Scottish- Australian professor and the father of Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, the wife of the heir apparent to the throne of Denmark, Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark.

Finn Árnasson
Finnr Árnason( modern Norwegian Finn Arnesson; died c. 1065) was a Norwegian nobleman and advisor to both King Olaf Haraldsson( later named Saint Olaf) and King Harald III of Norway and later served King Sweyn II of Denmark. He was the feudal lord(" lendmann") of Austrått.

Francis of Denmark
Francis of Denmark( 15 July 1497 – 1 April 1511), was a prince of Denmark, Norway and Sweden, the youngest son of King John of Denmark and Christina of Saxony.

Eric IV of Denmark
Eric IV, also known as Eric Ploughpenny or Eric Plowpenny,( – 10 August 1250) was king of Denmark from 1241 until his death in 1250. He was the son of Valdemar II of Denmark by his wife, Berengaria of Portugal, and brother of King Abel of Denmark and King Christopher I of Denmark

Princess Caroline-Mathilde of Denmark
Princess Caroline- Mathilde of Denmark( 27 April 1912 – 12 December 1995) was a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of King Frederick VIII of Denmark. As the wife of Knud, Hereditary Prince of Denmark, she became Hereditary Princess of Denmark.