Laurent Brissaud
Laurent Brissaud( born December 10, 1965 in Valence, Drôme) is a French slalom canoeist.

Édouard Brissaud
Édouard Brissaud (15 April 1852, Besançon – 20 December 1909) was a French physician and pathologist. He was taught by Jean Martin Charcot at Pitié-Salpêtrière Hospital. He had interests in a number of medical disciplines including motion disturbances, anatomy, neurology and psychiatry. He died of a brain tumour, aged 57. He has been awarded a large number of eponyms many of which are now rarely used and some were not the dominant eponym in use.

Pierre Brissaud
Pierre Brissaud (23 December 1885 – 17 October 1964) was a French Art Deco illustrator, painter, and engraver whose father was Docteur Edouard Brissaud, a student of Docteur Charcot. He was born in Paris and trained at the École des Beaux-Arts and Atelier Fernand Cormon in Montmartre, Paris. His fellow Cormon students were his brother Jacques, André-Édouard Marty, Charles Martin, Georges Lepape. Students at the workshop drew, painted and designed wallpaper, furniture and posters. Earlier, Toulouse-Lautrec, van Gogh, and Henri Matisse had studied and worked there. His older brother Jacques Brissaud was a portrait and genre painter and his uncle Maurice Boutet de Monvel illustrated the fables of La Fontaine, songbooks for children and a life of Joan of Arc. A first cousin was the celebrated artist and celebrity portrait painter Bernard Boutet de Monvel. Brissaud is known for his "pochoir" (stencil) prints for the fashion magazine "Gazette du Bon Ton" published by Lucien Vogel, Paris. Many of his illustrations are realistic leisure scenes of the well-to-do. They illustrate the designs of Paris fashion houses such as Jeanne Lanvin, Chéruit, Worth, and Doucet. Brissaud's illustrations appeared in "Vogue" after it bought "Bon Ton" in 1925, as well as "House & Garden" and "Fortune", and in books like "Madame BovaryManon Lescaut", Mémoires de Saint-Simon, the autobiographical novels of Anatole France, "Two gentlemen of Verona" and many others. In 1907 he exhibited at the Salon des Indépendants and the Salon d'Automne".

Obata Toramori
He was the father of Obata Masamori.

Geoffrey Brissaud
Geoffrey Brissaud( born 23 March 1998) is a French ice dancer. With his former skating partner, Sarah- Marine Rouffanche, he competed at the 2015 World Junior Championships in Tallinn, Estonia. They qualified for the free dance and finished 15th overall.

John Templeton (botanist)
John Templeton( 1766–1825) was an early Irish naturalist and botanist. He is often referred to as the" Father of Irish Botany". He was the father of naturalist, artist and entomologist Robert Templeton.

Antoine Aveline
Antoine Aveline( 1691–1743) was a French engraver, son of Pierre Aveline and brother of Pierre- Alexandre Aveline.

Arthur Beauchamp
Arthur Beauchamp( 1827 – 28 April 1910) was a Member of Parliament from New Zealand. He is remembered as the father of Harold Beauchamp, who rose to fame as chairman of the Bank of New Zealand and was the father of writer Katherine Mansfield.

Jean Mariette
Jean Mariette (22 June 1660 – 19 September 1742) was a French engraver and print dealer and publisher. He was the father of Pierre-Jean Mariette.

Cleomenes II
Cleomenes II( died 309 BC) was Agiad King of Sparta from 369 to 309 BC. The son of Cleombrotus I, he succeeded his brother Agesipolis II. He was the father of Acrotatus I, the father of Areus I, and of Cleonymus, the father of Leonidas II.