Varoujan Hakhbandian
Varoujan Hakhbandian , mostly known as Varoujan (Qazvin, 4 December 1936 - Tehran, 17 September 1977) was an Iranian songwriter, composer and arranger of Armenian descent. He has composed and written songs for Ebi, Googoosh, Dariush, and Farhad Mehrad. The music for the movie "Bar Faraaze Aasemaanha" (High in the Skies), composed shortly before his death, is one of his famous works. Varoujan Hakhbandian made songs for some films. As an example "The Dagger" and "The Beehive".

Michael Davitt (poet)
Michael Davitt( 20 April 1950 – 19 June 2005) was an Irish poet who published in the Irish language. He has been characterised as" ... one of modern Ireland's finest poets in either of the nation's languages and key figure in the 1970s Irish Language poetry movement.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Robert Davitt
Robert Emmet Davitt( 12 December 1899 – 26 September 1981) was an Irish politician and medical practitioner. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na n Gaedheal Teachta Dála( TD) for the Meath constituency at the 1933 general election. He did not contest the 1937 general election. He was a son of Michael Davitt.

Carla King
Carla King is a lecturer at St Patrick's College, Dublin and an author in Irish history. According to Diarmaid Ferriter, she is" peerless in her expertise on Michael Davitt".

Michael Davitt
Michael Davitt( 25 March 184630 May 1906) was an Irish republican activist for a variety of causes, especially Home Rule and land reform. Following an eviction when he was four years old, Davitt's family emigrated to England. He began his career as an organizer of the physical- force Irish Republican Brotherhood. Convicted of treason felony for arms trafficking in 1870, he served seven years in prison. Upon his release, Davitt pioneered the New Departure strategy of cooperation between the physical- force and constitutional wings of Irish nationalism on the issue of land reform. With Charles Stewart Parnell, he co-founded the Irish National Land League in 1879, in which capacity he enjoyed the peak of his influence before being jailed again in 1881. Davitt traveled widely, giving lectures around the world, supported himself through journalism, and served as Member of Parliament( MP) for the Irish Parliamentary Party( IPP) during the 1890s. When the party split over Parnell's divorce, Davitt joined the anti-Parnellite Irish National Federation. His Georgist views on the land question put him on the left wing of Irish nationalism, and he was a vociferous advocate of alliance between the Radical faction of the Liberal Party and the IPP.

Bernard O'Hara
Bernard O' Hara is an Irish historian, born c. 1945. O' Hara, a native of County Mayo, Ireland, is a historian and a former registrar of the Galway- Mayo Institute of Technology( GMIT). One of the original members of staff when the GMIT opened in September 1972, Mr. O' Hara started his academic career as a lecturer in business studies, later serving for 19 years as the Head of the School of Business and Humanities. He was then promoted to Registrar of the college, where he served for 11 years until September 2010. O' Hara is a former president of the Galway Archaeological and Historical Society and was a director of the Galway Chamber of Commerce and Industry for over a decade. Known as" one of Ireland's foremost scholars on Davitt," O' Hara wrote a concise biography of Michael Davitt, first published in 2006 by Mayo County in association with the Michael Davitt Memorial Association. O' Hara has published a dozen books and numerous articles on Irish history. In a recent publication," Killasser: Heritage of a Mayo Parish", he provides an overview of Irish history with a focus on the ordinary lives of those living in the rural parish. In 2017 O' Hara published" Exploring Mayo", an illustrated book about the landscape, baronies, parishes, leisure and cultural attractions as well as the archaeological and historical heritage of County Mayo. O' Hara's specialist subjects include archeology, Irish place- names, education, County Mayo, farming, Irish emigration, the Catholic Church, rural history, Irish mythology, sport and Irish genealogy as well as the growth of modern Ireland.