Guy V, Count of Saint-Pol
Guy V of Châtillon, Count of Saint- Pol( d. 1360 in London) was a French nobleman. He was a member of the House of Châtillon and was the son of Count John of Saint- Pol( d. 1344) and his wife Johanna of Fiennes. In the Hundred Years' War, he served as a royal commander in the French army. He fought several battles against the English in Picardy. He was one of the hostages sent to England under the terms of the Treaty of Brétigny of 1360. He died of the plague shortly after arriving in London. Guy was married to Johanna( d. 1392), a daughter of Lord John I of Ligny. Since they had no children, he was succeeded as Count of Saint- Pol by his sister Mahaut and her husband Guy of Luxembourg- Ligny.

Margaret of Clermont
Margaret of Clermont( 1104/05 – after 1145) was a countess of Flanders and Saint- Pol. Margaret's parents were Renaud II, Count of Clermont- en- Beauvaisis, and Adelaide, Countess of Vermandois. Margaret was first married to Charles I, Count of Flanders. The marriage was brief and childless. Later, cca. 1128, Margaret married Hugh II, Count of Saint- Pol; they had two sons. Her third husband was Baldwin of Encre. They had one daughter.

Jeanne of Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons
Jeanne de Bar, suo jure Countess of Marle and Soissons, Dame d'Oisy, Viscountess of Meaux, and Countess of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano (1415 – 14 May 1462) was a noble French heiress and Sovereign Countess. She was the only child of Robert of Bar, Count of Marle and Soissons, Sire d'Oisy, who was killed at the Battle of Agincourt when she was a baby, leaving her the sole heiress to his titles and estates. In 1430, at the age of fifteen, Jeanne was one of the three women placed in charge of Joan of Arc when the latter was a prisoner in the castle of John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny, Jeanne's stepfather. She was the first wife of Louis of Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano, Constable of France. From their marriage descended Mary, Queen of Scots, King Henry IV of France and the subsequent Bourbon kings of France.

John, Count of Saint-Pol
John of Saint- Pol( died 1344) was Count of Saint- Pol between 1317 and 1344. He was the eldest son of Guy IV, Count of Saint- Pol and Marie of Brittany. He married in 1319 with Joanna, daughter of John I of Fiennes, and had 2 children:

Peter II, Count of Saint-Pol
Peter II ("Pierre de Luxembourg"; – 25 October 1482) was Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, Marle, and Soissons. In 1478, Peter was made a knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece. He was the second eldest son of Louis de Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, and Jeanne de Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons, daughter of Robert of Bar, Count of Marle and Soissons and Jeanne de Béthune. He married Margaret of Savoy, the eldest surviving daughter of Louis I, Duke of Savoy and Princess Anne of Cyprus, sometime after 29 January 1464. Their five children included:

Minamoto no Chikako
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.

Hugh IV, Count of Saint-Pol
Hugh IV of Saint- Pol( died March 1205 in Constantinople) from the House of Campdavaine, son of Anselm of Saint- Pol, was Count of Saint- Pol from 1174 to his death, and lord of Demotika( Didymoteicho) in Thrace in 1204 – 05. He participated in the Third and Fourth Crusades.

Nicolas Pol
Nicolas Pol( born 1977, Paris) is a French contemporary artist.

Walter III of Châtillon
Walter III of Châtillon( 1166- 1219), also known as Gaucher III of Châtillon, was a French nobleman. He was a son of Guy II of Châtillon and Adèle of Dreux .. His brother was Guy III, lord of Chatillon. In 1196 he married Elisabeth of Saint- Pol, daughter of Hugo IV, Count of Saint- Pol and in 1205, he succeeded his father- in- law as count of Saint- Pol. Walter and Elisabeth had:

Anthony I, Count of Ligny
Anthony I, Count of Ligny( 1450 – 1519) was the youngest son of Louis de Luxembourg, Count of Saint- Pol and his wife, Jeanne de Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons. In 1482, he inherited the County of Brienne from his brother Peter II, Count of Saint- Pol. After the death of Charles of Bourbon in 1510, Anthony inherited the County of Ligny, which thereby fell back to the House of Luxemburg.