Gertrude of Bavaria
Gertrude of Saxony and Bavaria( 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.

Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg( born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; on 22 March 1956), is the spouse of Grand Duke Henri.

Sophia Magdalena of Denmark
Sophia Magdalena of Denmark (3 July 1746 – 21 August 1813) was Queen of Sweden as the spouse of King Gustav III.

Marie-Louise Coidavid
Marie Louise Coidavid( 1778 – March 11, 1851), was the Queen of the Kingdom of Haiti 1811 – 20 as the spouse of Henri I of Haiti.

Mae (Riz Ortolani song)
"Mae" is a 1965 song written by Riz Ortolani for the MGM motion picture "The Yellow Rolls-Royce"; the song is the theme for the section of the film in which ownership of the titular Rolls-Royce passes to a gangster and becomes the backdrop to a dangerous romance between the gangster's girlfriend Mae Jenkins (Shirley MacLaine) and a young Italian named Stefano (Alain Delon). The song with English lyrics, "She's Just a Quiet Girl", was recorded and released as a single by Ella Fitzgerald. The tune was covered as an instrumental by Herb Alpert on "Going Places", and released as a single both by Alpert and by Pete Fountain, also in 1965.

Princess Auguste of Bavaria (1875–1964)
Princess Auguste of Bavaria( 28 April 1877 – 25 June 1964) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and the spouse of Archduke Joseph August of Austria.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Mehdi Abrishamchi
Mehdi Abrishamchi is an Iranian People's Mujahedin of Iran( MEK) politician who has been described as" the right hand man of Massoud Rajavi". He is the former spouse of the group's current leader, Maryam Rajavi, whom he divorced so that she could become the spouse of Massoud Rajavi.

Herb Alpert
Herb Alpert (born March 31, 1935) is an American jazz musician most associated with the group variously known as Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass, Herb Alpert's Tijuana Brass, or TJB. Alpert is also a recording industry executive, the "A" of A&M Records, a recording label he and business partner Jerry Moss founded and eventually sold to PolyGram. Alpert also has created abstract expressionist paintings and sculpture over two decades, which are publicly displayed on occasion. Alpert and his wife, Lani Hall, are substantial philanthropists through the operation of the Herb Alpert Foundation. Alpert's musical accomplishments include five No. 1 albums and 28 albums total on the "Billboard" Album chart, nine Grammy Awards, fourteen platinum albums, and fifteen gold albums. Alpert has sold 72 million records worldwide. Alpert is the only recording artist to hit No. 1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart as both a vocalist ("This Guy's in Love with You", 1968) and an instrumentalist ("Rise", 1979).

Adib Kheir
Adib Kheir was a leading Syrian nationalist of the 1920s. He was the owner of the Librairie Universelle in Damascus. His granddaughter is the spouse of Manaf Tlass.