Church of Santa María de Palacio (Logroño): The Church of Santa María de Palacio( Spanish:" Iglesia de Santa María de Palacio") is a church located in Logroño, Spain. It was declared" Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1943.

Newcastle Cruise Terminal: Newcastle Cruise Terminal is a proposed cruise terminal in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. The new cruise terminal is proposed to be built at the Channel Berth in the Port of Newcastle. Construction of the facility is expected to take 12 months. Facility is funded by the NSW Government ’s Restart NSW Hunter Infrastructure Investment Fund.

Iglesia de Santa María: Iglesia de Santa María may refer to:

San Caprasio: San Caprasio is a church in Santa Cruz de la Serós, Jacetania, Spain, in First Romanesque style.

Monastery of Santa María de Meira: Mosteiro de Santa María de Meira is a monastery in Galicia, Spain.

Monastery of Santa María de Oseira: The monastery of Santa María de Oseira( Galician:" Mosteiro de Santa María de Oseira"; Spanish:" Monasterio de Santa María la Real de Oseira)" is a Trappist monastery in Galicia, Spain.

Church of Santa María de los Reyes: The Church of Santa María de los Reyes( Spanish:" Iglesia de Santa María de los Reyes") is a church located in Laguardia, Spain. It was declared" Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931.

Santa María de Santa Cruz de la Serós: Santa María de Santa Cruz de la Serós is a former Benedictine nunnery in Spain. It is located about ten miles from Jaca, in the village of Santa Cruz de la Serós, which is named after the nunnery. The church of San Caprasio, built between 1020 and 1030, a half century earlier than Santa María, stands nearby in the same village.

San Caprasio: San Caprasio is a church in Santa Cruz de la Serós, Jacetania, Spain, in First Romanesque style.

Cathedral of Santa María de Vitoria: The Cathedral of Santa María de Vitoria (Basque: "Santa Maria katedrala", Spanish: "Catedral de Santa María de Vitoria") is a Gothic-style, Roman Catholic cathedral located in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Basque country, Spain. It was declared "Bien de Interés Cultural" in 1931.