De Dannan
De Dannan (originally "Dé Danann") is an Irish folk music group. It was formed by Frankie Gavin (fiddle), Alec Finn (guitar, bouzouki), Johnny "Ringo" McDonagh (bodhrán) and Charlie Piggott (banjo) as a result of sessions in Hughes's Pub in An Spidéal, County Galway, with Dolores Keane (vocals) subsequently being invited to join the band. The fiddler Mickey Finn (1951–1987) is also acknowledged to have been a founder member. The band was named after the legendary Irish tribe Tuatha Dé Danann. In 1985 the spelling of the name was changed from "Dé Danann" to "De Dannan" for reasons that have never been made clear. Since 2010, however, Finn and McDonagh have recorded and performed with a line-up named "De Danann", and, since 2012, Gavin has recorded and performed with another line-up named "De Dannan".

Dev Prasad Timilsena
Dev Prasad Timilsena is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Rautahat- 4, Province No. 2. He is the member of Nepali Congress.

Devendra Paudel
Devendra Paudel is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Baglung- 2, Province No. 3. He is the member of Nepal Communist Party.

Frankie Gavin (boxer)
Frankie Raymond Gavin (born 28 September 1985) is a British professional boxer. He held the British and Commonwealth welterweight titles between 2012 and 2015, and has challenged once for the IBF welterweight title in 2015. As an amateur, Gavin won a gold medal in the lightweight division at the 2007 World Championships, becoming England's first ever winner of that event. He also won lightweight gold at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.

Ghanashyam Khatiwada
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Ali Rahuma
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan. He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.

Dhurba Kumar Shahi
Dhurba Kumar Shahi is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Surkhet- 1, Province No. 6. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.

Sjoerd Potters
Per April 2017 he is mayor of De Bilt.

Dolores Keane
Dolores Keane( born 26 September 1953) is an Irish folk singer and occasional actress. She was a founding member of the group De Dannan and has since embarked on a solo career.

Dipak Prakash Bhatta
Dipak Prakash Bhatta is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Kanchanpur- 3, Province No. 7. He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.