Jason Moore (director)
Jason Moore( born October 22, 1970) is an American director of film, theatre and television.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.

Tathastu
Tathastu is a 2006 Indian Hindi- language drama film starring Sanjay Dutt and directed by Anubhav Sinha. It is based on the American film" John Q".

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Sound of Drums
Sound of Drums may refer to:

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

John F. Kennedy: Years of Lightning, Day of Drums
John F. Kennedy: Years of Lightning, Day of Drums is a ninety-minute filmed memorial tribute to President John F. Kennedy, who was assassinated on November 22, 1963. It was completed in 1964, and released to theatres by Embassy Pictures in 1966. The film, containing both color and black-and-white footage, is narrated by Gregory Peck, and features extensive excerpts from President Kennedy's speeches, including color footage of his swearing in and inaugural address. It was written and directed by Bruce Herschensohn, who also composed the music - long before he was recognized as a noted conservative. Maximilian Schell narrated the German version. Because "Years of Lightning..." was produced by the United States Information Agency, it was originally prohibited by law from being screened in the United States. However, the quality of the film was considered so outstanding that a special act of Congress allowed it to be shown in regular motion picture theatres, a rare honor for USIA films. Two years after the film's actual completion, it made its debut in regular movie houses. A soundtrack album from the film, featuring both music and narration was also issued, but it is unavailable on CD. The film concentrates on his public achievements in office, among them the launching of the Peace Corps, the successful resolution of the Cuban Missile Crisis, the successful attempt to put American astronauts into outer space, the beginning of the Alliance for Progress, the signing of the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, and Kennedy's original drafting of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, alternating coverage of these achievements with somber footage of the funeral procession carrying Kennedy's casket. The film was released on DVD from Warner Home Video on November 12, 2013.

Bruce Herschensohn
Stanley Bruce Herschensohn (born September 10, 1932) is a conservative American political commentator, author and senior fellow at the Pepperdine University School of Public Policy in Malibu, California. Herschensohn quickly rose to prominence in the Republican Party, becoming a consultant to the Republican National Convention in 1972 and joined the Nixon administration on September 11, 1972. He served primarily as a speech writer. He left following Nixon's resignation, but served on the Ronald Reagan Presidential Transition Team and as an official in the Reagan administration. Previously, Herschensohn has been a Distinguished Fellow at the Claremont Institute and a fellow at the Institute of Politics at Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He has taught politics at the University of Maryland, Whittier College and at Pepperdine University's School of Public Policy.