Paul Kersey (actor)
Paul Kersey( born February 10, 1970) is an American actor. He starred opposite Ning Jing in the Feng Xiaoning films" Red River Valley"( 1997) and" Lover's Grief over the Yellow River"( 1999). Kersey also portrayed the younger version of David Banner in" Hulk"( 2003). On television, he played the son of James Coburn's character in" Missing Pieces"( 2000).

Lover's Grief over the Yellow River
Lover's Grief over the Yellow River  is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Feng Xiaoning. It was China's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not receive a nomination. Feng considers it the second of his "War and Peace" (战争与和平) trilogy.

Yellow River (disambiguation)
The Yellow River is the second longest river in China. Yellow River may also refer to:

Floods in Xuzhou's history
The Yellow River has been recognized by Chinese as" the mother river". But in ancient times, people living by the Yellow River often suffered its floods. Xuzhou was one such city. Located by the after-bay of the Yellow River, Xuzhou suffered from Yellow River floods since the Han Dynasty until the Yellow River changed its course in 1855, the 5th Year of Xianfeng in the Qing Dynasty( 清代咸丰五年). During the years that the Yellow River passed Xuzhou, the city was flooded more than 400 times, ten times in the Qin and Han Dynasty, 19 times in the Wei and Jin( 晋) Dynasty, 20 times in the Sui and Tang Dynasty, 50 times in the Liao, Song and Yuan Dynasty, 120 times, and two hundred and three times in the Qin Dynasty.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Feng Xiaoning
Feng Xiaoning  (born 1954) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and cinematographer. He is considered a member of the "Fifth Generation" Chinese directors who graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 1982. Feng however graduated from the Art Direction class. He is currently also a member of Chinese National Political Consultative Conference and Chinese Writers' Association. Feng was born in Xi'an to a family of teachers. He is most famous for his self-dubbed "War and Peace" (战争与和平) trilogy in film – "Red River Valley" (1997), "Lovers' Grief over the Yellow River" (1999) and "Purple Sunset" (2001).

Yellow River oil spill
The Yellow River oil spill was an oil spill in the Yellow River in Shaanxi, China which took place due to the rupturing of a segment of Lanzhou-Zhengzhou oil pipeline on December 30, 2009. Approximately of diesel oil flowed down the Wei River before finally reaching the Yellow River, the source of drinking water for millions of people, on January 4, 2010.

Jinan Hundred Miles Yellow River Scenic Area
The Jinan Hundred Miles Yellow River Scenic Area is a public park located on the southern bank of the Yellow River in the city of Jinan, Shandong, China. It covers an elongated strip of land between the second northern ring road around the city and the bank of the Yellow River. From within the park, the Yellow River can be crossed via the Luokou pontoon bridge. On the opposite bank of the river lies the Yellow River Forest Park.

Paul Kersey (actor)
Paul Kersey( born February 10, 1970) is an American actor. He starred opposite Ning Jing in the Feng Xiaoning films" Red River Valley"( 1997) and" Lover's Grief over the Yellow River"( 1999). Kersey also portrayed the younger version of David Banner in" Hulk"( 2003). On television, he played the son of James Coburn's character in" Missing Pieces"( 2000).

Yellow River Forest Park (Jinan)
The Yellow River Forest Park is a public park located on the northern bank of the Yellow River in the city of Jinan, Shandong, China. It is connected to the southern bank of the Yellow River and hence the urban center of Jinan via the Luokou pontoon bridge. On the opposite bank of the river lie the Jinan Hundred Miles Yellow River Scenic Area and downstream the Three Officials Temple Scenic Area.