The Gypsy and the King
The Gypsy and the King( Spanish: La gitana y el rey) is a 1946 Spanish film directed by Manuel Bengoa.

The Gypsy Baron (1935 film)
The Gypsy Baron is a 1935 German operetta film directed by Karl Hartl and starring Anton Walbrook, Hansi Knoteck and Fritz Kampers. It is an adaptation of the 1885 operetta" The Gypsy Baron". The film's sets were designed by Werner Schlichting. It was shot on location in Brandenburg and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

The Gypsy and the Gentleman
The Gypsy and the Gentleman is a 1958 British costume drama film directed by Joseph Losey. It stars Melina Mercouri and Keith Michell.

Gypsies Are Found Near Heaven
Gypsies Are Found Near Heaven( lit." The Gypsy camp goes to heaven"; also known as Queen of the Gypsies) is a 1975 Soviet romantic drama film by Emil Loteanu, loosely based on short stories" Makar Chudra" and" Old Izergil" by Maxim Gorky. Set in early 20th century Austria- Hungary, the film tells a love story between the Gypsy girl Rada and the horse thief Zobar of Gorky's early 1892 short story" Makar Chudra". One of the songs near the introduction of the film had become popular on YouTube as the" Gypsy Song". It was the most attended movie in the Soviet Union in 1976, with 64.9 million tickets sold.

The Gypsy Baron (1927 film)
The Gypsy Baron is a 1927 German silent adventure film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara, Michael Bohnen and William Dieterle. It is based on the storyline of the operetta" The Gypsy Baron". The film's sets were designed by Andrej Andrejew and Alexander Ferenczy.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.

Arirang geuhu iyagi
Arirang geuhu iyagi( 아리랑 그 후 이야기 literally" A Story of the Day after Arirang" aka 아리알 후편," Arirang hu pyeon", aka" Arirang 2") is a 1930 Korean film written by and starring Na Woon-gyu. It premiered at Dan Sung Sa Theater in downtown Seoul.

The Gypsy Baron (1962 film)
The Gypsy Baron is a 1962 French- German operetta film directed by and starring Carlos Thompson, Heidi Brühl and Willy Millowitsch. It is based on the 1885 operetta" The Gypsy Baron". The film was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin. Location filming took place in the Serbian capital Belgrade and in Varazdin, Croatia.

The Gypsy Moths
The Gypsy Moths is a 1969 American drama film, based on the novel of the same name by James Drought and directed by John Frankenheimer. The film tells the story of three barnstorming skydivers and their effect on a Midwestern American town, focusing on the differences in values between the town folk and the hard- living skydivers. " The Gypsy Moths" starred Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr. The film also features Gene Hackman. Kerr had worked previously with Lancaster in" From Here to Eternity"( 1953) and" Separate Tables"( 1958). The film had the only nude love scene in her movie career. Elmer Bernstein composed the score.

The Gypsy Baron (1954 film)
The Gypsy Baron is a 1954 West German operetta film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt and starring Paul Hörbiger, Gerhard Riedmann and Margit Saad. It is an adaptation of the 1885 operetta" The Gypsy Baron". It was shot at the Tempelhof Studios in Berlin and on location in various places in Yugoslavia including Belgrade and Sarajevo. The film's sets were designed by Willi Herrmann, Paul Markwitz, Peter Schlewski and Heinrich Weidemann.