Heyran Khanim
Heyran Khanim was an Azerbaijani poet who lived in the first half of the 19th century.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Absalom Baird
Absalom Baird( August 20, 1824 – June 14, 1905) was a career United States Army officer who distinguished himself as a Union Army general in the American Civil War. Baird received the Medal of Honor for his military actions.

Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

David Ashkenazi
David Vladimirovitch Ashkenazi( 25 December 191519 February 1997) was a Russian pianist, accompanist and composer. Ashkenazi was born on 25 December 1915 in Nizhny Novgorod. He studied piano at the local music college and at the Moscow Conservatory. He worked as an accompanist with a number of celebrated Soviet pop singers, including Isabella Yuryeva, Klavdiya Shulzhenko, Lyudmila Zykina, Marina Gordon, Vadim Kozin, Mark Bernes, Iosif Kobzon and others. He was made People's Artist of Russia in 1996. In 1964 he and violinist Naum Latunsky performed in an episode of the film" The Garnet Bracelet", which was an adaptation of the celebrated novella of the same name by Alexander Kuprin. He set to music the Yakov Polonsky's poem titled" When in a separation presentiment", and his song was covered by many singers. David Ashkenazi was the father of the famous pianist and conductor Vladimir Ashkenazy. He died on 19 February 1997 in Moscow, Russia.