It's My Way!
It’s My Way! is the first album by folk singer Buffy Sainte-Marie. Though the album did not chart it proved influential in the folk community. It is most famous for two widely covered folk standards, "Universal Soldier" and "Cod'ine", as well as "Now That the Buffalo's Gone", a lament about the continued confiscation of Indian lands, as evidenced by the building of the Kinzua Dam in about 1964. The cover features a mouthbow, which was to be a trademark of her sound on her first three albums. "Cod'ine" was also lyrically altered by Janis Joplin and appears on "This is Janis Joplin 1965". In 2016, "It's My Way!" was inducted by the Library of Congress into the National Recording Registry.

It's My Way (Dizzy Gillespie album)
It's My Way( also released as My Way) is an album by American jazz trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie featuring performances of popular songs recorded in 1969 and originally released on the Solid State label.

Doing It My Way
Doing It My Way is the debut studio album by" The X Factor" series 3 runner up Ray Quinn. The album was recorded at Capitol Records Tower in Los Angeles in January 2007. It was released on 12 March 2007 and entered the UK Albums Chart at number one the following week, making Quinn the first person ever to have a number- one album without releasing a single. It sold 126,985 copies in its first week, enough to be certified Gold.

Doing It to Death (album)
Doing It to Death is an album by The J.B.'s, released in 1973 by People Records. The album includes a ten- minute version of the# 1 R&B hit" Doing It to Death", which is led by Danny Ray's introduction to simulate his MC in concerts.

A Town South of Bakersfield
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam. The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane. The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.

I Will Survive (Doin' It My Way)
I Will Survive( Doin' It My Way) is the second studio album by American R&B singer- songwriter Chantay Savage, released March 1996 on RCA Records. Production for the album was handled by several producers, including Tim& Bob, Kay Fingers, Steve" Silk" Hurley, Grand Puba, Chucky Thompson, and others. " I Will Survive( Doin' It My Way)" peaked at number 14 on the" Billboard" Top R&B Albums chart. The album's lead single, a downtempo cover of Gloria Gaynor's" I Will Survive", peaked at number 5 on the Hot R&B Singles chart.

No Talking, Just Head
No Talking, Just Head is an album released in 1996 by The Heads, a band composed of Jerry Harrison, Tina Weymouth, and Chris Frantz of Talking Heads, joined by a variety of guest singers. It s name may be seen as an allusion to the fact that Talking Heads' former vocalist, David Byrne, is the only member not involved. This was, at the time, intended to turn into a full- time project, with further studio albums and tour. Furthermore, a live CD/ video of the first tour was planned, featuring performances of songs originally recorded by Talking Heads reinterpreted by the album's guest artists. However, David Byrne sued the band, asserting that their name and presentation was too evocative of Talking Heads, and put an end to those further- reaching plans, although the suit was settled out of court, and the album was released. The band toured the US in the fall of 1996 with Johnette Napolitano serving as the primary lead vocalist. " Damage I've Done" and" Do n't Take My Kindness for Weakness" were released as singles. The album received negative reviews.

It's My Time (Jeanie Tracy album)
It's My Time is the second studio album by Jeanie Tracy.

Dat Whoopty Woop
Dat Whoopty Woop is the debut album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly. The album came out on July 31, 2001.

Mulberry Violence
Mulberry Violence is the debut album by American experimental artist Trevor Powers. The album came out on August 17, 2018 ..