André Testut
André Testut( 13 April 1926 – 24 September 2005, Lyon) was a racing driver from Monaco. He was born in Lyon, France. He entered 2 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, both in Monaco, in 1958 and 1959. On both occasions he drove his Maserati 250 F and both times he failed to qualify.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Andrew Lortie
Andrew Lortie( or André Lortie) was a leading French theologian, author and emigre leader of Huguenot Protestants in England, born in France and resident of London at his death, heading the French church there. Lortie was a well- known author of books attacking the Holy See and transubstantiation and was an early, prominent Protestant theologian. Most Huguenot churches in the UK and US have since merged with Anglican- based or Reform- based Protestant churches.

Victor Dandré
Victor E. Dandré or D'André( 1870 – 1944) was a Russian born ballet impresario and the partner of the world renowned ballerina, Anna Pavlova.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Nicolas Nancey
Nicolas Nancey, real name Nicolas Zouros,( 1874 – 13 October 1925) was a French dramatist and screenwriter. Once referred to as a successor of Eugène Labiche and Georges Feydeau he has written 15 plays in the vaudeville as well as boulevard genre, in collaboration with dramatists such as Paul Armont, Henry de Gorsse or André Mouëzy- Éon.

André-Louis-Adolphe Laoust
André-Louis -Adolphe Laoust or André Laoust( 1843–1924) was a French sculptor born in Douai.

Raymond Macherot
Raymond Macherot( 30 March 1924 – 26 September 2008) was a Belgian cartoonist. Although not nearly as famous as fellow Belgian cartoonists such as Hergé or André Franquin, Macherot's work, both as artist and writer, remains highly regarded among critics and collectors.

Kurt Cuno
Kurt Cuno( 27 August 1896 – 14 July 1961) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II who commanded the 233d Reserve Panzer Division. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.