The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Hannes Stöhr
Hannes Stöhr (born 1970) is a German film director and screenwriter. He studied Scriptwriting and Directing at the "Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin" from 1994 to 1999. In 2006 Stöhr was a Villa Aurora grant recipient and lived for six months in Los Angeles, California. Hannes speaks German, Spanish, English, French and Portuguese. Stöhr is member of the European Filmacademy, lectures film at "Film Academy Baden-WürttembergDeutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin" and the Goethe Institute. He lives in Berlin.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

One Day in Europe
One Day in Europe is a 2005 film directed by Hannes Stöhr. The film was nominated for Golden Bear award at the 2005 Berlin Film Festival.

Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to?
Now Where Did the 7th Company Get To? is a 1973 French- Italian comedy war film directed by Robert Lamoureux. The film portrays the adventures of a French Army squad lost somewhere on the front in May 1940 during the Battle of France.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

A Great Day in Harlem (film)
A Great Day in Harlem is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Jean Bach about the photograph of the same name. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Director Jean Bach acquired an original home movie showing the 1958 photo shoot from musician Milt Hinton. She used Hinton's home video as the basis for her hour- long documentary. In a piece published in" The New Yorker", jazz critic Whitney Balliett praised Bach's film as" a brilliant, funny, moving, altogether miraculous documentary." Jean Bach described how, upon the film's release, a number of similar photographs employed the" A Great Day in ..." theme. Hugh Hefner assembled Hollywood- area musicians for" A Great Day in Hollywood" in conjunction with a sneak preview of" A Great Day in Harlem". Soon after," A Great Day in Philadelphia" included musicians such as Jimmy Heath, Benny Golson and Ray Bryant. During the filming of" Kansas City", musicians including Jay McShann posed for" A Great Day in Kansas City." A multi-page supplement in" The Star- Ledger" featured" A Great Day in Jersey," while a Dutch photograph was titled" A Great Day in Haarlem." The trend spread to other styles of music, with Houston blues musicians posing for" A Great Day in Houston. A Great Day in Hip Hop" was followed by XXL's" The Greatest Day in Hip Hop." An Atlanta radio station gathered musicians for" A Great Day in Doo- Wop." A New York cellist, inspired by both the original photograph and the film, assembled chamber musicians for" A Great Day in New York. The New York Post" ran" A Great Day in Spanish Harlem." By 2004," The New York Times" was referring to the original photograph as" A Great Day in Harlem".

One Day in August
One Day in August is a 2001 Greek drama film directed by Constantine Giannaris.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.