Life Is What You Make It (film)
Life Is What You Make It is a 2017 documentary film which explores the life of award- winning Filipino theatre producer Jhett Tolentino from his migration into the United States and his entry into theatre production in New York. The film came with a soundtrack album entitled" Life Is What You Make It: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack".

En sømand går i land
En sømand går i land is a 1954 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.

The Fabulous Senorita
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva. The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.

XX/XY
XX/ XY is a 2002 American romantic drama film written and directed by Austin Chick and starring Mark Ruffalo, Kathleen Robertson, and Maya Stange. The title refers to the different chromosome pairings present in men and women. It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival in the year it was released. Although the funding for the film came from the US, the film was produced by British company Natural Nylon.

Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol(" When the River Kabani Turned Red") is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer, produced by Pavithran, and starring T. V. Chandran, Shalini, Raveendran and J. Siddiqui. This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period. It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer, who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards. Pavithran, who later directed many critically acclaimed Malayalam films produced the film. T. V. Chandran, who also later went on to direct a bevy of award- winning films in Malayalam and Tamil, played the lead role. After certain post-production controversies, the film debuted in theatres on 16 July 1976.

The Night of Nights
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young. The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times". Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill". The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.

Kaaka Muttai
Kaaka Muttai( Crow eggs) is a 2015 Indian Tamil- language comedy- drama film written, directed and filmed by M. Manikandan. Jointly produced by Dhanush and Vetrimaaran and distributed by Fox Star Studios, it features newcomers, Vignesh and Ramesh, in the lead roles alongside Aishwarya Rajesh, Ramesh Thilak and Yogi Babu in supporting roles. The music was composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar and editing was done by Kishore Te. The film was remade in Marathi as" Half Ticket" directed by Samit Kakkad. " Kaaka Muttai"'s story revolves around two slum children of Chennai, Tamil Nadu whose desire is to taste a pizza. The film had its world premiere on 5 September 2014 at the 39th Toronto International Film Festival, and was released worldwide on 5 June 2015, and received widespread acclaim for its story and cast performances. It went on to win two National Film Awards at the 2015 ceremony- Best Children's Film and Best Child Artist( Ramesh and Vignesh).

When the Mountains Tremble
When The Mountains Tremble is a 1983 documentary film produced by Skylight Pictures about the war between the Guatemalan Military and the Mayan Indigenous population of Guatemala. Footage from this film was used as forensic evidence in the Guatemalan court for crimes against humanity, in the genocide case against Efraín Ríos Montt. The film centers on the experiences of Nobel Prize winner Rigoberta Menchú, a Quiché indigenous woman who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1992, nine years after the film came out. " When The Mountains Tremble" won the Special Jury Award at the Sundance Film Festival, the Blue Ribbon Award at the American Film Festival, and the Grand Coral Award/ Best North American Documentary at the Havana Film Festival. A follow- up film was released in 2011, titled" Granito: How to Nail a Dictator".

My Little Eye
My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times. The idea for the film came from reality television shows such as" Big Brother". The title refers to the guessing game I spy.

Operation Leopard
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana. The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978. It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent. He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980. Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.