Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Le retour
" Le retour The return") was the Swiss entry to the Eurovision Song Contest 1962, composed by Géo Voumard and performed in French by Jean Philippe, who had previously represented France in 1959 with" Oui, oui, oui, oui". On the night of the contest the song was performed 11th, following Norway's Inger Jacobsen with" Kom sol, kom regn" and preceding Yugoslavia' Lola Novaković with" Ne pali svetlo u sumrak". At the close of the voting the song had received 2 points, placing 10th in a field of 16. It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1963 contest by Esther Ofarim with" T'en va pas".

Oui, oui, oui, oui
" Oui, oui, oui, ouiYes, Yes, Yes, Yes") was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in French by Jean Philippe. The song was performed first on the night, preceding Denmark's Birthe Wilke with" Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig". At the close of voting, it had received 15 points, placing 3rd in a field of 11. The song deals with Philippe suggesting to a lover that the two of them will sail the world in his pretty threemaster[ boat]. He lists the various exotic locations they will see and generally seems enthusiastic about the idea. It was succeeded as French representative at the 1960 Contest by Jacqueline Boyer with" Tom Pillibi".

Dors, mon amour
" Dors, mon amourSleep, My Love") was the winning song in the Eurovision Song Contest 1958. Performed in French by André Claveau representing France, the song was the first entry sung by a male soloist to win the contest. The song was performed third on the night( following the Netherlands' Corry Brokken with" Heel de wereld" and preceding Luxembourg's Solange Berry with" Un grand amour"). By the close of voting, it had received 27 points, placing it first in a field of ten entries. The song is something of a lullaby by the singer to his lover. He tells her to sleep, while he muses on their love and the power of the night. The song was succeeded as contest winner in 1959 by Teddy Scholten representing the Netherlands singing" Een beetje". It was succeeded as French representative at the 1959 contest by Jean Philippe with" Oui, oui, oui, oui".

Oui, Oui, Marie
Oui, Oui, Marie is a 1918 song performed by Arthur Fields. The music was composed by Fred Fisher with lyrics written by Alfred Bryan and Joe McCarthy. It was published by McCarthy & Fisher Inc. The sheet music cover featured an illustration by Andre De Takacs. The song reached a peak position of No.2 on Top 100 US Songs of 1918. The cover art for the song featured a woman dressed in a cape with a feathered hat speaking to a soldier.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.

Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig
" Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig"( Oh, I'd wish I were you) was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959, performed in Danish by Birthe Wilke. The song was performed second on the night, following France's Jean Philippe with" Oui, oui, oui, oui" and preceding Italy's Domenico Modugno with" Piove( Ciao, ciao bambina)". At the close of voting, it had received 12 points, placing 5th in a field of 11. The song is a love ballad, in which Wilke sings about how much she wishes she were her lover. She then describes how she would love herself in this situation, including asking for her own hand in marriage. It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1960 Contest by Katy Bødtger with" Det var en yndig tid".

Fred Fisher
Fred Fisher (born Alfred Breitenbach, September 3, 1875 – January 14, 1942) was a German-born American songwriter and Tin Pan Alley music publisher.

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.