Learning Disability Quarterly: Learning Disability Quarterly is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of special education. The editors-in-chief are Diane P. Bryant and Brian Bryant (University of Texas at Austin). The journal was established in 1978 and is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Hammill Institute on Disabilities.

Fisher and Schwartz cheating scandal: < onlyinclude> In August 2015, Boye Brogeland's team( Richard Schwartz, Allan Graves, Boye Brogeland, Espen Lindqvist, Huub Bertens, Daniel Korbel) lost in the quarter- finals of the Spingold to Jimmy Cayne's team( James Cayne, Michael Seamon, Lotan Fisher, Ron Schwartz, Alfredo Versace, Lorenzo Lauria) by 1 IMP following an appeal that lost his team 2 IMPs. The appeal involved Lotan Fisher and Ron Schwartz, Brogeland's teammates from the previous year when they won the Spingold. Brogeland spent the following day reviewing the Vugraph records from the quarter- final and concluded that Fisher and Schwartz were cheating and later that month created a web site and publicly accused them of cheating. In September 2015, Per- Ola Cullin, a Swedish international bridge player, postulated that after removing the board from the bidding tray, Fisher and Schwartz placed it in particular locations as a code to indicate strength in a suit. The analysis was based on video from the European Bridge Team Championship in Croatia in 2014. Both the European Bridge League and the Israel Bridge Federation conducted an investigation into the allegations. The Israel Bridge Federation hearings also includes an allegation related to coughing. On September 5, 2015, Israel withdrew its team for the upcoming Bermuda Bowl in Bali. They were replaced by Sweden. In May 2016 three Israeli experts announced what they believe is a refinement to the Cullin code. The experts include Dr. Netzer Zeidenberg, a computer scientist and Amir Levin, Israel's 2003 bridge champion. Fisher and Schwartz responded," We are innocent of any crime and we will fight for our innocence. We already successfully passed a polygraph that proved that we are innocent." Fisher and Schwartz were subsequently banned from all European Bridge League events in May 2016 by its Disciplinary Commission for a period of five years, and banned from playing as a partnership for life. The Committee's full report was released on May 18, 2016 as the Decision of the European Bridge League Disciplinary Committee. On July 28, 2016, the American Contract Bridge League( ACBL) announced that its Ethical Oversight Committee( chair: Jon Brissman; other members: Cheri Bjerkan, Dennis Clerkin, Lesley Davis, Bruce Ferguson, Bob Glasson, Hendrik Sharples and Eddie Wold) had unanimously found Fisher and Schwartz guilty both of collusive cheating and of giving false information to the ACBL about previous disciplinary convictions. In consequence, Fisher and Schwartz were expelled from the ACBL, and all their masterpoints, titles, ranks and privileges declared forfeit. Further, their partners and teammates were subject to mandatory forfeiture of all masterpoints, titles and ranks earned during the four years preceding the final of the 2015 Spingold Trophy. On July 29, 2016, the ACBL clarified and corrected that announcement: forfeiture by partners and teammates applied only to events in which they had played with Fisher or Schwartz, and only to the four years preceding the date of the decision, namely July 27, 2016. </onlyinclude> On August 8, 2016, the Israeli Special Ethics Committee unanimously found Fisher and Schwartz guilty of signaling by means of board placement and on February 14, 2017, announced that Fisher and Schwartz are permanently banned from play and participation in any activities within the Israeli Bridge Federation.

Godwin Davy: Godwin Davy( born 15 December 1979) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He made his international debut in a World Cup qualifying match against El Salvador, resulting in a lopsided match, losing 12- 0 in February 2008, and also played in the 4 – 0 loss to the same country in the return match in March 2008.

Alison Skipper: Alison Skipper is an American actress, model, television personality, dancer, and former professional wrestling valet who is best known for her work with Total Nonstop Action Wrestling( TNA) as a valet. Outside of TNA, Skipper hosted" The College Experiment" on Fox Sports and appeared on the Home Shopping Network. Skipper opened a full service talent agency, Professionally Pretty Model& Talent Agency, with model and actress friend Jaycelle Coltman Veigle in 2012. Skipper was born in Orlando, Florida where she still resides. She attended the University of Central Florida. Skipper took up dancing and modeling at a young age. She has modeled for Lucky, Vogue, Hyatt Hotels, Breezes Resorts, Body Glove, Kumho Tires, Boost Mobile, Ron Jon Surf Shop, Nike, Victoria's Secret, Macy's and Nordstrom. She has also been featured in television commercials for Walt Disney World and Papa John's Pizza. Alison was a regular fashion& jewelry model for the Home Shopping Network( HSN), and hosted" The College Experiment" on Fox Sports from 2009 to 2011.

Gesta (journal): Gesta is a peer- reviewed academic journal in the area of medieval art. It was established in 1963 and is published by the University of Chicago Press. The editors- in- chief are Diane J. Reilly( Indiana University Bloomington) and Susan L. Boynton( Columbia University).

Kettle Bottom: Kettle Bottom is a collection of historical poems published in 2004 by Perugia Press in Florence, Massachusetts and written by Diane Gilliam Fisher. The collection's deep focus is on the West Virginia labor battles of 1920 and 1921, such as the Battle of Matewan and Battle of Blair Mountain. " Kettle Bottom" was named Top Ten Poetry Book for 2005 by American Booksellers Association Book Sense, was winner of the Ohioana Library Association Poetry Book of the Year, was a finalist for the Weatherford Award of the Appalachian Studies Association, and selected for inclusion in The Pushcart Prize XXX: Best of the Small Presses.

Rafe Kovich and Alison Barrington: Rafe Kovich and Alison Barrington Kovich are a supercouple from the American soap opera" Port Charles". Rafe was played by Brian Gaskill and Alison was played by Erin Hershey Presley. They were one of the most popular romantic pairings on the short- lived soap. The couple was not originally scripted into a romance. Once they were, they were written as star- crossed true loves with multiple obstacles to overcome. The couple is often referred by the portmanteau" Rali"( for Rafe and Alison) on Internet message boards.

Morven Christie: Morven Christie( born 1 September 1981) is a Scottish actress. She played Amanda Hopkins in the ITV drama" Grantchester" and Alison Hughes in the BBC drama" The A Word".

Diane Gilliam Fisher: Diane Gilliam Fisher( born 1957) is an American poet. She is author of several poetry collections, most recently," Kettle Bottom"( Perugia Press, 2004). Fisher was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio. She earned her bachelor's and master's degrees in Spanish and a Ph.D. in romance languages from Ohio State University, and an M.F.A. in creative writing from Warren Wilson College. She lives in Brimfield, Ohio.

John Reeger: John Reeger is a Chicago actor and playwright. He is married to Paula Scrofano and has two children, Adam and Alison Reeger.