Far from the Madding Crowd (1998 film)
Far from the Madding Crowd is a 1998 drama television film adaptation of the Thomas Hardy novel of the same name.

Far from the Madding Crowd (1967 film)
Far from the Madding Crowd is a 1967 British epic drama film adapted from Thomas Hardy's book of the same name. The film, starring Julie Christie, Alan Bates, Terence Stamp and Peter Finch, and directed by John Schlesinger, was Schlesinger's fourth film( and his third collaboration with Christie). It marked a stylistic shift away from his earlier works exploring contemporary urban mores. The cinematography was by Nicolas Roeg and the soundtrack was by Richard Rodney Bennett. He also used traditional folk songs in various scenes throughout the film. It was nominated for one Oscar for Best Original Music Score and two BAFTAs, Best British Cinematography( Colour) and Best British Costume( Colour)( Alan Barrett).

I Believe in Miracles (film)
I Believe in Miracles is a 2015 film directed by Jonny Owen.

Oxford Gardens
Oxford Gardens is a 2015 film produced and directed by Obi Emelonye.

A Month of Sundays (2015 film)
A Month of Sundays is a 2015 film starring Anthony LaPaglia.

Island of Doomed Men
Island of Doomed Men is a 1940 American film noir crime film directed by Charles Barton and starring Peter Lorre.

Far from the Madding Crowd (2015 film)
Far from the Madding Crowd is a 2015 British romantic drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg and starring Carey Mulligan, Matthias Schoenaerts, Tom Sturridge and Michael Sheen. An adaptation by David Nicholls of the 1874 novel" Far from the Madding Crowd" by Thomas Hardy, it is the fourth film adaptation of the novel.

Tamara Drewe (film)
Tamara Drewe is a 2010 British romantic comedy film directed by Stephen Frears. The screenplay was written by Moira Buffini, based on the newspaper comic strip of the same name( which was then re-published as a graphic novel) written by Posy Simmonds. The comic strip which serves as source material was a modern reworking of Thomas Hardy's nineteenth century novel" Far from the Madding Crowd". The film premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival in May and was released nationwide in France on 14 July 2010. Momentum Pictures released the film in the United Kingdom on 10 September 2010.

Far from the Madding Crowd (disambiguation)
Far from the Madding Crowd is a novel by Thomas Hardy. Far from the Madding Crowd may also refer to:

Far from the Madding Crowd (1915 film)
Far from the Madding Crowd is a 1915 British silent drama film produced and directed by Laurence Trimble and starring Florence Turner, Henry Edwards and Malcolm Cherry. Trimble also adapted Thomas Hardy's 1874 novel for the screen. " Far from the Madding Crowd" is a lost film.