Mike Baron
Mike Baron( born July 1, 1949) is an American comic book writer. He is the creator of" Badger" and the co-creator of" Nexus" with Steve Rude.

Pirate Master
Pirate Master was a CBS reality television show created by Mark Burnett which replaced the previous Mark Burnett show on CBS, Rock Star. It followed sixteen modern-day pirates on their quest for gold, which totaled US$1,000,000. The show was hosted by Cameron Daddo, and took place in the Caribbean island nation of Dominica. The show premiered on Thursday, May 31, 2007. The show also aired on CTV in Canada, Sky3 in the UK, premiered on June 21, 2007 on Network Ten in Australia, and premiered on July 4, 2007 on AXN Asia. On July 10 in the US, the show moved to Tuesdays at 10 p.m. (ET). In its Tuesday run, it would follow the 9 p.m. (ET) broadcast of . As of July 24, in the US, Pirate Master was only online on CBS.com's Innertube, with the last six episodes presented each week on Tuesday mornings.

Mel Kampmann
Mel Kampman( died 12 July 2016) was the creator of Action News.

Bill Lawrence (TV producer)
William Van Duzer Lawrence IV( born December 26, 1968) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director. He is the creator of the series" Scrubs", co-creator of" Cougar Town" and co-creator of" Spin City". He was also co-creator of the short- lived animated series" Clone High", in which he voiced the leader of the shadowy figures, and is the co-creator of" Ground Floor", which ran on TBS. He has written for many other shows including," The Nanny" and" Boy Meets World". The name of Lawrence's production company, Doozer, is wordplay on his middle name.

Eric Powell (comics)
Eric Powell( March 3, 1975) is an American comic book writer/ artist, best known as the creator of" The Goon".

Peter Waldner
Peter Waldner is the creator of the syndicated comic strip" Flight Deck".

Ben Fagan
Ben Fagan( born February 28, 1984) is an American reality television star who was winner of the reality television show" Pirate Master" on CBS.

Ted Key
Ted Key( born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel" Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of" Peabody's Improbable History".

Elizabeth Harrin
Elizabeth Harrin is the creator of" A Girl ’s Guide to Project Management", which she started in 2006.

Mark Burnett
Mark Burnett (born 17 July 1960) is a British television producer who is the current Chairman of MGM Worldwide Television Group. Burnett-produced TV series have been nominated for a total of 143 Emmys. He has personally won twelve Emmy Awards, five Producers Guild of America Awards, seven Critics' Choice Television Awards, and six People's Choice Awards. As of late 2018, Burnett is the executive producer of six network television shows, as well as several cable series. Under Burnett's leadership, MGM has expanded its cable TV business through the acquisitions of Evolution Media (e.g., "BotchedReal Housewives of Beverly HillsReal Housewives of Orange County") and Big Fish Entertainment ("Live PDBlack Ink Crew"). Burnett additionally produced the faith-based series "The Bible" and "A.D. The Bible Continues", as well as the feature films "Son of GodLittle BoyWoodlawn", and "Ben-Hur".