Hernán Montenegro
Hernán Abel Montenegro( born August 8, 1966), is a retired Argentine basketball player. He is considered one of the best Latin America centers ever by journalists and colleagues. Montenegro was also a very charismatic player, nicknamed" El Loco The Crazy" in Spanish), due to his eccentric behaviour on and off the court. Due to his skill to play basketball, Montenegro has been compared with talented players such as Puerto Rican José" Piculín" Ortiz, Brazilian Oscar Schmidt or Spanish Fernando Martín Espina.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Yardena Alotin
Yardena Alotin( Hebrew: ירדנה אלוטין; April 19, 1930 in Tel Aviv – October 4, 1994 in New York City) was an Israeli composer and pianist. As a pianist and teacher, Alotin also wrote educational music and music for young musicians, such as" Six Piano Pieces for Children." Alotin won the Nissimov Prize for her 1956 work," Yefei Nof."

Schmidt (singer)
Elisa Sophia Schmidt( born February 14, 1990), also known by the stage name Femme Schmidt or SCHMIDT, is a German singer- songwriter.

Trudeliese Schmidt
Trudeliese Schmidt (7 November 1942 − 24 June 2004) was a German operatic mezzo-soprano who had an international career, performing at major opera houses and festivals in Europe. The singer with a remarkable stage presence excelled in trouser roles such as Cherubino, Idamante, Hänsel, Octavian and the composer in "Ariadne auf Naxos". She performed in premieres of operas by Isang Yun and Manfred Trojahn.

Johann George Schmidt
Johann George Schmidt or Johann Georg( e) Schmi( e) d( 1707, Fürstenwalde bei Geising- 24 July 1774, Dresden) was a German architect of the Dresden Baroque. He was brother- in- law, student and successor of George Bähr.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.