Yateem
Yateem is a 1988 Indian film directed by J. P. Dutta and released in 1988. The movie stars Sunny Deol, Farha Naaz, Kulbhushan Kharbanda, Danny Denzongpa and Amrish Puri.

May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo
May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo is a 1984 Philippine comedy film directed by, and produced by Hirene Lopez and Danny L. Zialcita as the film's executive producer. The film stars Gloria Diaz, Eddie Garcia, Amy Austria, and Tommy Abuel. The film was released in 1984 by Essex Films. Another related film called," May Daga sa Labas ng Lungga", was released earlier in the same year.

Royal Tramp II
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron". The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.

Rakka (film)
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.

Invasion of the Neptune Men
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television. In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".

Lloyd (film)
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film. The film was released on May 4, 2001.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Shirin Farhad (1931 film)
Shirin Farhad is a 1931 Hindi language musical film. It was the second Indian film with sound. It was based on the love story from the" Shahnameh" of Farhad and Shirin by Nizami Ganjavi. The film was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Nissar and Jehanara Kajjan. " Alam Ara" was released earlier the same year and was the first Indian film with sound.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

Compañeros de aventuras
Compañeros de aventuras is a 1948 Argentine film.