P. Ramlee
Tan Sri Teuku Zakaria Bin Teuku Nyak Puteh (Jawi: تاوكو زكريا تاوكو ڽق ڤوتيه) (22 March 1929 – 29 May 1973), better known by his stage name P. Ramlee, was a Malaysian film actor, director, singer, songwriter, scriptwriter, musician, composer, and producer. Due to his contributions to the movie and music industry and his literary work, which began with his acting debut in Singapore in 1948, to the height of his career and then later moving to Malaysia in 1964, until his decline and death, he is regarded as a prominent icon of Malay entertainment. His fame has even reached as far as Brunei and Sumatra, Indonesia, as well as in Hong Kong and Japan.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Nasib Si Labu Labi
Nasib Si Labu Labi ( The Fate of Labu and Labi, colloquially What Happened to Labu and Labi) is a 1963 Malaysian buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The film is a sequel to" Labu dan Labi" and features a number of returning cast members.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Labu dan Labi
Labu dan Labi (Labu and Labi) is a 1962 Singaporean buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee. The movie was filmed in Singapore and it revolves around the antics of Labu and Labi, two servants with wild imaginations who work in the house of a wealthy but miserly man, Haji Bakhil bin Haji Kedekut. The movie is filmed in the style of a stage pantomime, with over-the-top comedy and featuring the characters occasionally talking directly to the audience. The film's sequel is "Nasib Si Labu LabiThe Fate of Labu and Labi" or "What Happened to Labu and Labi").