Hannah Arnold
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.

Louis III, Count of Chiny
Louis III( d. August 12? 1189), Count of Chiny, son of Albert, Count of Chiny, and his spouse Agnes of Bar. He succeeded his father in 1162 and continued the family ’s support of the Abbey of Orval. He entered the Third Crusade alongside Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa, dying in transit in Belgrade. He married Sophie( d. 1207), whose family is unknown. Their children were: Upon his death, his son Louis assumed the role of Count of Chiny.

Margaret of Burgundy, Queen of France
Margaret of Burgundy( 1290 – 30 April 1315) was Queen of France and Navarre as the first wife of Louis X of France( and Louis I of Navarre).

Louis IV, Count of Chiny
Louis IV the Young( 1173- 7 October 1226), Count of Chiny from 1189 to 1226, son of Louis III, Count of Chiny, and Sophie. Louis was the last of the first dynasty of Counts of Chiny. Having no son, he prepared his eldest daughter Jeanne as his successor. Louis marked his reign by issuing the first postage stamp in the county. He succeeded as count in 1189 when his father died on the Third Crusade, but was under the supervision of his mother and uncle Thierry, Lord of Mellier, because of his young age. He likely participated in the Albigensian Crusade, where he died in Cahors. He married Matilda of Avesnes, widow of Nicolas IV, Lord of Rumigny, and daughter of James, Lord of Avesnes and Conde, and Adele, Lady of Guise. They had three children: Isabelle was referred to as Madame de Florenville during the in 1285, hosted by Louis' grandson Louis V, successor Count of Chiny, Upon Louis ’ death, his daughter Jeanne became Countess of Chiny until her marriage to Arnold IV, when he became the first Count of Chiny of the second dynasty as Arnold II. Louis IV was also a direct paternal descendant of Charlemagne.

Joan, Countess of Chiny
Joan( c. 1205 – 17 January 1271) was the Countess of Chiny. Joan was the daughter of Louis IV, Count of Chiny, and Matilda of Avesnes, and became ruler of the county upon her father ’s death on 7 October 1226. She married Arnold IV, Count of Loon, son of Gerard III, Count of Rieneck, and Kunigunde von Zimmern, in 1228, whereupon he assumed the role of Count of Chiny. Joan and Arnold had the following children: She was succeeded as ruler of Chiny by her husband, Arnold II, Count of Chiny.

Louis, Count of Verdun
Louis I (murdered September 29, 1025), Count of Chiny (987-1025) and Count of Verdun (as Louis) (1024-1025), son of Otto I, Count of Chiny, and an unknown mother.
Upon Otto’s death, Louis became the second Count of Chiny. Virtually nothing is known about his rule in Chiny. In 1024, Reginbert, the Bishop of Verdun, appointed Louis as Count of Verdun when Count Herman of Ename, son of Godfrey the Prisoner, retired to a monastery. Herman's nephew, Godfrey the Bearded, coveted the position, and Gothelo (Herman’s brother and Godfrey’s father) invaded the city and murdered Louis. Louis married Adelaide (d. after 1025), of unknown parentage. They had two children:
Louis’ son Louis II assumed the position of Count of Chiny after his father’s death, and Godfrey the Bearded was appointed Count of Verdun.

Hubba bint Hulail
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.

Louis II, Count of Chiny
Louis II (d. before 1066), Count of Chiny (1025–1066), son of Louis I, Count of Chiny and Verdun, and Adélaïde de Saint Varme. He left very few traces in history and nothing is known about his reign. Louis was married to Sophie. They had two children:
Legend has it that Louis held hunting parties in his huge game park. Here, Thibault of Champagne established a hermitage and found a source of holy springs, and Louis built a shrine to the spring's healing powers. The shrine became famous, with many pilgrims who came to implore the grace of Saint-Thibault. Later, monks from Calabria, Italy, founded a monastery nearby at Orval at the invitation of Louis’ son Arnold. Upon Louis' death, his son Arnold became Count of Chiny.

Otto I, Count of Chiny
Otto I (Eudes) (d. 987), Count of Chiny, perhaps son of Adalbert I the Pious, Count of Vermandois, and Gerberge of Lorraine. Although he probably did not use the title, Otto is regarded as the first Count of Chiny. Historically, an Otto of Vermandois is mentioned in a charter of 958 alongside his father, the Count of Vermandois. His name and that of his brother Ludolfe show a Germanic ancestry of the kings of the family of Saxony, which is indeed the case, as his mother is Gerberge of Lorraine, niece of Emperor Otto I (her mother being daughter to Henry the Fowler). He was reported as a quarrelsome lord who threatened Hainaut and Cambrésis (the region around Cambrai). In 971, an Otto erected a fortress in Warcq, in the Ardennes, and attacked his neighbors, including Adalbero, Archbishop of Reims. He is mentioned as having imperial ancestry. This and a number of other facts prompted the historian Léon Vanderkindere to hypothesize that these two Ottos were in fact a single historical figure. His wife’s name is unknown. It is possible that she was from Ardennes, a relative of Wigeric of Lotharingia and Cunigunda of France, granddaughter of Louis the Stammerer. This could explain the name of his son and the appointment of the latter as Count of Verdun in 1024. Otto and his wife had one child:
Upon his death, Otto was succeeded as Count of Chiny by his son Louis.

Tjuyu
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.