Maude Smith Gagnon
Maude Smith Gagnon( born 1980) is a Quebec poet. She was born in the Basse- Côte- Nord region of Quebec and studied at the Université du Québec à Montréal. Her first collection of poetry" Une tonne d’ air" was awarded the Prix Émile- Nelligan in 2006. Her collection of poems" Un drap. Une place" received the Governor General's Award for French- language poetry in 2012.

Where Was I
" Where Was I?" may refer to:

Malene Schwartz
Malene Schwartz( born 10 August 1936) is a Danish film actress. She has appeared in 38 films since 1955. In the TV series" Matador" she played the role of Maude Varnæs. She was born in Frederiksberg, Denmark.

Beaulieu-sur-Loire
Beaulieu- sur- Loire is a commune in the Loiret department in north -central France. It is also the place of death of Jacques MacDonald, a French general who served in the Napoleonic Wars

Dance of Death (disambiguation)
Dance of Death, also called" Danse Macabre", is a late- medieval allegory of the universality of death. Dance of Death or The Dance of Death may also refer to:

Place of birth
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born. This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person. As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred. The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live. If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth. In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth. Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents. For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947. This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth. The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant. Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively). A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin. A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent. In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth. In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli". Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis"). There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise. The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country). Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth". It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth". For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.

Maude, South Australia
Maude is a locality on the Goyder Highway in the Mid North region of South Australia. The locality of Maude occupies the entire Hundred of Maude from which it derives its name. The Hundred of Maude was renamed in 1918 after General Maude as part of the programme of alteration of" names of enemy origin". The Hundred of Maude had previously been the Hundred of Schomburgk, named in 1880 for Dr Richard Von Schomburgk, the second director of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens. Maude includes the former town of Florieton. Florieton was named in 1882 for Florence Annie Price, the daughter- in- law of the Governor of South Australia, William Jervois. A school opened in 1890, but along with the rest of the town has long disappeared. Maude is predominantly saltbush grasslands used for pastoral farming, grazing of sheep or cattle. In 2018, a proposal to build a 200 MW solar photovoltaic power station was submitted to the state government for development approval. The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Maude had a human population of zero.

John A. McDougald
John Angus "Bud" McDougald (March 14, 1908 – March 15, 1978) was a leading Canadian businessman and owner of Thoroughbred racehorses. Born in Toronto, Ontario, he was universally known by the nickname, "Bud". The son of a wealthy investment banker, after working as a stockbroker for Dominion Securities, in 1945 Bud McDougald teamed up with E. P. Taylor to establish Taylor, McDougald and Company Ltd. which would lead to his rise in the Taylor-controlled holding company, Argus Corporation. While McDougald would become involved in the sport of Thoroughbred racing, E. P. Taylor would devote much of his time to building his very successful Windfields Farm. That situation saw McDougald rise within the business to where he was appointed chairman of the board of directors and president of Argus. He was largely responsible for making it one of Canada's dominant business conglomerates that had controlling interest in Dominion Stores, Hollinger Mines, Massey Ferguson, Standard Broadcasting, Crown Trust Company and Domtar. McDougald was one of the major biographies in Peter C. Newman's 1975 book, "The Canadian Establishment". McDougald died in Palm Beach, Florida in 1978. Two months after his death his widow and sister-in-law signed documents that gave Conrad Black control of Ravelston Corporation which in turn controlled Argus Corporation.

Maude Smith
Hedley Maude Smith, later McDougald (May 9, 1905 – November 17, 1996), was a Canadian pairs skater, who was also known as "Jim" or "Jay". Together with Jack Eastwood she placed tenth at the 1928 Winter Olympics and sixth-seventh at the world championships in 1928, 1930 and 1932. The pair finished second at the national championships in 1929 and 1933 and third in 1934. Smith was married to the prominent Canadian businessman John A. McDougald. She had a younger sister Cecil, who also competed at the 1928 Olympics. Their mother, Maude Delano-Osborne, won the 1892 Canadian tennis championship.

Motherland (disambiguation)
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group. Motherland may also refer to: