John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Gunasekhar
Gunasekar (born Gunasekar Karri; 2 June 1964) is an Indian film director and screenwriter known for his works exclusively in Telugu cinema. Gunasekhar directed the Children's classic "Ramayanam" (1997), which won the National Film Award for Best Children's Film, including several state Nandi Awards for that year, and was screened at the International Children's Film Festival of India. The 2003 action film, "Okkadu", which won eight state Nandi Awards, and four Filmfare Awards South including the Filmfare Award for Best Director – Telugu , the blockbuster film became the highest grossing Telugu film for that year, and was remade into various Indian languages. His latest venture is the historical film, Rudhramadevi which was released in October 2015 for wide positive reviews and became one of the biggest hits of the year.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Nippu
Nippu (English : "Fire") is a 2012 Indian Telugu-language action film produced by director YVS Chowdary on his Bommarillu banner and directed by Gunasekhar. Starring Ravi Teja, Deeksha Seth in the lead roles and music is scored by S. Thaman. and directed by Gunasekhar. The film is dubbed into tamil as "Rowdy Raja".

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.