Bradley Smith (photographer)
Bradley Smith( June 30, 1910 – August 28, 1997) was a magazine photographer, writer, photojournalist and a founder of the American Society of Magazine Photographers.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

Marco Roth
Marco Roth( born 1974) in New York, New York is a co-founder and editor of" n+1" magazine.

Sue Fennessy
Sue Fennessy( born 25 July 1968) is an Australian- born American entrepreneur. She is the founder and CEO of WeAre8, the founder of the Standard Media Index( SMI), the founder of Frontiers Group LTD, and a fellow at Monash University.

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

James B. Rhoads
James Berton "Bert" Rhoads (September 17, 1928 – April 7, 2015) served as fifth Archivist of the United States. He was born in Sioux City, Iowa. Rhoads received his B.A., in 1950, and M.A., in 1952, from the University of California at Berkeley. He earned his Ph.D. in History from American University in Washington, DC in 1965. Rhoads joined the National Archives in 1952 and was named National Archivist of the United States in 1968.

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.

Prologue (magazine)
Prologue is a publication of the U.S. National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). The publication's articles are based on NARA's holdings and programs and material from the regional archives and the presidential libraries across the United States. The magazine was founded by James B. Rhoads, fifth archivist of the United States. The first issue of "Prologue" appeared in Spring 1969. The periodical's headquarters is in Atlanta, Georgia. The magazine ceased print publication in 2017.

Hugh McGary Jr.
Hugh McGary Jr. was the founder of Evansville, Indiana.