Richard T. Jones
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor. Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010). He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.

Tasha Smith
Tasha Smith( born February 28, 1971) is an American actress, director and producer. She began her career in a starring role on the NBC comedy series" Boston Common"( 1996 – 97), and she later appeared in numerous movies and television series. Smith has appeared in films include" The Whole Ten Yards"( 2004)," Daddy's Little Girls"( 2007)," The Longshots"( 2008)," Couples Retreat"( 2009), and" Jumping the Broom"( 2011). She starred as Angela Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007), its sequel" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010), and on the television series based on the movies," For Better or Worse"( 2011–2017). In 2015, she began a recurring role as Carol Holloway on the Fox musical drama series" Empire". Later in the same year, Smith made her directorial debut.

Sharon Leal
Sharon Ann Leal( born October 17, 1972) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles in movies such as" Dreamgirls This Christmas Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?" and her roles on the television shows" LegacyGuiding Light", and" Boston Public".

Charibert I
Charibert I( c. 517 – December 567) was the Merovingian King of Paris, the second- eldest son of Chlothar I and his first wife Ingund. His elder brother Gunthar died sometime before their father's death. He shared in the partition of the Frankish kingdom that followed his father ’s death in 561, receiving the old kingdom of Childebert I, with its capital at Paris.

Ilir Hoxha
Ilir Hoxha( born March 31, 1949 in Tirana, Albania) is one of the sons of former Albanian leader Enver Hoxha. Ilir was imprisoned a few years after his father's death, but was released in 1996. Ilir has been called in to testify several times in an attempt to disclose secrets from the previous communist era. Ilir wrote a memoir in 1995 called" My Father, Enver Hoxha". The article recounts Ilir's memories of his father's death, the impact it had on the family, his mother's struggles, and also the investigation and prosecution that was conducted on him after his father's death. During the 2005 election campaign in Albania, Ilir campaigned for candidates of the Party of Labour of Albania( 2002). Ilir still resides in Albania.

Ruqayyah bint Husayn
Ruqayyah bint Al-Ḥusayn (born on the 20th of Rajab, 56 AH – 5 Rabi' al-Thani, 60 / 61 AH or 676 CE; died on the 13th of Safar, 60 / 61 AH or 680 / 681 CE), was the daughter of Husayn ibn Ali and Rubab bint Imra al-Qais. Her brothers included Ali Zaynul-Abidin, Ali al-Akbar, and Ali al-Asghar. Her sisters included Fatimah as-Sughra and Fatimah al-Kubra, with the latter also being called 'Sakinah'.

Lamman Rucker
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor. Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films " Why Did I Get Married? Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation. In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".

Michael Jai White
Michael Richard Jai White( born November 10, 1967) is an American actor, director, and martial artist. He is the first African American to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture, having starred as Al Simmons, the protagonist in the 1997 film" Spawn". White appeared as Marcus Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?" and" Why Did I Get Married Too?", and starred as the character on the TBS/ OWN comedy- drama television series" Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse". White portrayed Jax Briggs in and the Cyborg Seth in, the return. He portrayed boxer Mike Tyson in the 1995 HBO television movie" Tyson". He also played the title role in the blaxploitation parody film" Black Dynamite", as well as the animated series of the same name.

Denise Boutte
Denise Boutte is an American actress and model, who has appeared in the films" Why Did I Get Married?" as Trina,, as Mandy," Sister's Keeper" and" Noah's Arc". She starred in the sitcom" Meet the Browns" as Sasha Brown.

Husayn ibn Ali
Al-Husayn ibn Ali ibn Abi Talib (10 January 626 – 10 October 680) was a grandson of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and a son of Ali ibn Abi Talib and Muhammad's daughter Fatimah. He is an important figure in Islam as he was a member of the Household of Muhammad ("Ahl al-Bayt") and the People of the Cloak ("Ahl al-Kisā'"), as well as the third Shia Imam. Prior to his death, the Umayyad ruler Mu'awiya appointed his son Yazid as his successor, contrary to the Hasan-Muawiya treaty. When Muawiya died in 680 CE, Yazid demanded that Husayn pledge allegiance to him. Husayn refused to pledge allegiance to Yazid, even though it meant sacrificing his life. As a consequence, he left Medina, his hometown, to take refuge in Mecca in AH 60. There, the people of Kufa sent letters to him, asking his help and pledging their allegiance to him. So he traveled towards Kufa, after getting some favorable indications along with a small caravan of his relatives and followers but near Karbala his caravan was intercepted by Yazid's army. He was killed and beheaded in the Battle of Karbala on 10 October 680 (10 Muharram 61 AH) by Yazid, along with most of his family and companions, including Husayn's six month old son, Ali al-Asghar, with the women and children taken as prisoners. Anger at Husayn's death was turned into a rallying cry that helped undermine the Umayyad caliphate's legitimacy, and ultimately its overthrow by the Abbasid Revolution. The annual commemoration of Husayn and his children, family and companions occurs during Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, and the day he was martyred is known as "Ashura" (the tenth day of Muharram, a day of mourning for Shi'i Muslims). Husayn's actions at Karbala fueled later Shi'a movements, and his death was decisive in shaping Islamic and Shi'a history. The timing of Husayn's life and death were crucial as they were in one of the most challenging periods of the seventh century. During this time, Umayyad oppression was rampant, and the stand that Husayn and his followers took became a symbol of resistance inspiring future uprisings against oppressors and injustice. Throughout history, many notable personalities, such as Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi, have cited Husayn's stand against oppression as an example for their own fights against injustice.