Torre del Café
Torre del Café, also known as Edificio del Café, is a 36- storey high- rise commercial office skyscraper in the city municipality of Medellín, Colombia. Although the starting date of its construction is unknown, the Torre del Café was completed in 1975. Torre del Café is high. Torre del Café has 36 floors, with a roof height of, making it the second- tallest skyscraper in Medellín after the skyscraper, the Torre Coltejer, and the tenth- tallest in Colombia.

Kellerspitzen
The twin peaks of the Kellerspitzen form the second highest mountain in the Carnic Alps, a mountain range in the Southern Limestone Alps. The two summits rise in the middle of the east- west oriented" Kellerwandgrat", an arête that forms the main chain of the Carnic Alps here. The border between the Austrian state of Carinthia and the Italian Province of Udine runs along this ridge. The West Top(" Westgipfel"), also called the" Grohmannspitze", is; the East or Main Top(" Ostgipfel" or" Hauptgipfel") is. The mountain offers a wide panoramic view in all directions which, along with its numerous climbing routes, makes it a popular destination for mountaineers.

San Pietro Martire
San Pietro Martire may refer to:

Carnic Alps
The Carnic Alps are a range of the Southern Limestone Alps in Austria and northeastern Italy. They are within Austrian East Tyrol and Carinthia, and Italian Friuli( Province of Udine) and marginally in Veneto of the Friuli- Venezia Giulia region.

Torre del Mangano
Torre del Mangano is a frazione and the seat of the municipality of the Certosa di Pavia comune. The comune bore the name of Torre del Mangano until 1929, when the villages of Borgarello, Torriano and Torre del Mangano merged. They assumed the name of Certosa di Pavia because of the great notoriety of the charterhouse located in the nearby. The church of the local parish is dedicated to Saint Michael. Torre del Mangano is situated on the corner of what was once the Visconti Park. The remains of one of its gate are visible near the Saint Michael church.

San Pietro Mosezzo
San Pietro Mosezzo is a" comune"( municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about west of Novara. San Pietro Mosezzo is divided into four frazioni( wards) — San Pietro( chef- lieu), Cesto, Mosezzo and Nibbia—and three hamlets — Cascinazza, San Stefano and Torre San Pietrina( San Pietro Mosezzo's industrial park). The Canale Cavour flows across the town. San Pietro Mosezzo borders the following municipalities: Biandrate, Briona, Caltignaga, Casaleggio Novara, Casalino, Novara, and Vicolungo.

Torre del Gran San Pietro
Torre del Gran San Pietro  is a mountain in the Gran Paradiso massif, a sub-group of the Graian Alps, with an elevation of 3,692 m. It is located between Piedmont and Aosta Valley, in northern Italy, near the Cogne Valley.

Torre del Compte
Torre del Compte or La Torre del Comte is a municipality located in the Matarraña/ Matarranya, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census( INE), the municipality has a population of 169 inhabitants.

Locana
Locana is a" comune"( municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin in the Orco Valley. In the early 1900s the town had about 7,000 residents. As of 2019 the population declined to 1,500. Locana borders the following municipalities: Cogne, Ronco Canavese, Noasca, Ribordone, Sparone, Chialamberto, Cantoira, Corio, Monastero di Lanzo and Coassolo Torinese. The" comune" is part of the Gran Paradiso National Park, housing a series of small alpine lakes and glaciers; peaks in the area include the Torre del Gran San Pietro( 3,692 m). The Lake of Ceresole is also located nearby. In 2019 the mayor, Giovanni Bruno Mattiet, announced that the municipality of Locana will pay families up to € 9,000,( US$ 10,200) over a three- year period just for moving to the village. To qualify the families must have at least one child and a yearly income of € 6,000. The goal is to stop the town from disappearing, since every year in town there are only 10 births but 40 deaths. The offer was first only for Italians or foreigners who already live in Italy, but the program was extended to also include foreigners living outside Italy.

Wildspitze
Wildspitze is the highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and in North Tyrol, as well as the second highest mountain in Austria after the Großglockner and in terms of prominence( 2261 m) is the fourth summit of the Alps and the fifteenth of Europe.