Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Pydimarri Venkata Subba Rao
Pydimarri Venkata Subba Rao( June 10, 1916 – 1988) was a Telugu author who is best remembered as the composer of the National Pledge of India.

Karl Wilhelm (conductor)
Karl Wilhelm, also Carl Wilhelm( 5 September 1815, Schmalkalden – 26 August 1873, Schmalkalden) was a German choral director. He is best known as the composer of the music of the song “ Die Wacht am Rhein. ”

Michelangelo Faggioli
Michelangelo Faggioli( 1666–1733) was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect. A founder of a new genre of Neapolitan comedy, he was the composer of the opera buffa" La Cilla" in 1706.

Walter Robinson (composer)
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century. He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others. He is also the composer of several operas.

Alexandru Cristea
Alexandru Cristea( 1890 – 1942) was the composer of the music for" Limba Noastră", current national anthem of Moldova.

Petrus de Domarto
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.

Alexander Courage
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919 May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film. He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.

Alex Lithgow
Alexander Frame Lithgow (1 December 1870 in Glasgow – 12 July 1929 in Launceston, Tasmania) was a Scottish-born, New Zealand and Australian based composer and bandleader known as the "Sousa of the Antipodes". His name is pronounced "Alek" by his family.

Invercargill March
The Invercargill March is a march written by Alex Lithgow and named after his home town of Invercargill, on the South Island of New Zealand. The Invercargill rates alongside John Philip Sousa's "Stars and Stripes Forever", Kenneth Alford's "Colonel Bogey March", and Johann Strauss' "Radetsky March" as one of the most popular in the world. It is especially popular in the United States, being a top favourite of the US Marines. It was the Regimental March of the 56th Infantry Regiment of the New York Guard during World War II. In his book "Invercargill - 150 Years" Lloyd Esler's opening sentence reads "Invercargill was done a fine favour by Alex Lithgow who named his famous march after his boyhood home. The Invercargill March is possibly the best advertisement the town has ever had as the work is a brass-band favourite and the word ‘Invercargill’ is whispered amongst audiences worldwide. There is only one Invercargill in the world - this one".