Richard J. Zaborski: Richard J. Zaborski( 1927 – 2001) was an American member of the Wisconsin State Senate.

Foulden: Several localities share the name Foulden:

George Augustus: Multiple people share the name George Augustus:

David Ji: David Longfen Ji is an American businessman who co-founded Apex Digital, an electronics manufacturer. In 2004, he was arrested in China following a dispute with Sichuan Changhong Electric, a supplier owned by the city of Mianyang and the province of Sichuan. Changhong accused him of defrauding them through bad checks. Ji was taken, according to an account by his lawyer, to the senior management and told, "I decide whether you live or die." He has been held in China without charges. Ji's case highlighted an "implicit racism" in dealings with American businessmen. As a U.S. citizen he was not granted the same treatment by authorities as non-ethnically Chinese businessmen sharing the same nationality.

Lacordaire: Several people share the surname Lacordaire:

Anisopus: Several genera share the name Anisopus:

Dugès: Several people share the surname Dugès:

Mireille Delunsch: Mireille Delunsch( born 2 November 1962) is an opera soprano. She was born in Mulhouse, France, and studied musicology and voice at the Conservatoire de Strasbourg. Her debut was at the Opéra du Rhin in Mulhouse, in Mussorgsky's Boris Godunov. Her repertory is wide, from Baroque opera to 20th- century art songs, with an emphasis on French music. She is well known for the operas she has sung under the direction of French conductor Marc Minkowski.

Chadwell, Leicestershire: Chadwell is a small village approximately northwest of Melton Mowbray in Leicestershire. Chadwell is near to Wycomb and they share the same church of St. Mary in the same ecclesiastical parish. The hamlets are part of Scalford and share the same parish council. The village was originally named Cauldwell, and was once twice the size it is now.

Red scorpionfish: Several species of fish share the name red scorpionfish: