Arp-Hansen Hotel Group
Arp- Hansen Hotel Group is a hotel chain based in Copenhagen, Denmark. Arp- Hansen Hotel Group consists of privately owned, centrally located hotels comprising Phoenix Copenhagen, 71 Nyhavn Hotel, Imperial Hotel, The Square, Tivoli Hotel& Congress Center, Copenhagen Island, Copenhagen Strand, Gentofte Hotel and Wakeup Copenhagen Hotels as well as Copenhagen's brand- new luxury hostel, Steel House Copenhagen. Arp- Hansen Hotel Group covers approximately 22% of the room capacity in Copenhagen and has, in addition, more than 100 meeting and conference rooms and one congress hall. In October 2018 Arp- Hansen Hotel Group opened a brand new Wakeup hotel at a very central location. The new hotel has 585 rooms located on the corner of Bernstorffsgade and Kalvebod Brygge. Arp- Hansen Hotel Group has a total of 4,350 rooms in Copenhagen and Aarhus.

Jeff Klein (hotelier)
Jeff Klein( born April 24, 1970) is an American hotelier, restaurateur and founder of the JK Hotel Group.

Ian Schrager
Ian Schrager (born July 19, 1946) is an American entrepreneur, hotelier and real estate developer, often associated with co-creating the "boutique hotel" category of accommodation. Originally, he gained fame as co-owner and co-founder of Studio 54.

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

Ben Pundole
Ben Pundole is an entrepreneur, hotel manager, and editor- in- chief for the online travel magazine" AHotelLife.com". Pundole has been involved in the startup and development of many hotels and hotel chains, including Edition Hotels, Morgans Hotel Group, Ruschmeyers, Surf Lodge, and King& Grove. He is known for his work in the food and beverage, marketing, nightlife and events of boutique and lifestyle hotels, and has been featured in" The New York Times".

Law Kar Po
Law Kar Po (born 1947/1948) is a Hong Kong billionaire businessman, chairman of the Park Hotel Group. Law Kar Po is the founder, retailer, and franchisor of the apparel brand Bossini— Kar-po where he grew his father’s textile empire and eventually shifted its focus into property and hotels. He is the chairman of the Park Hotel and Park Capital Group. Park Hotel Group manages 12 hotels in eight cities and five countries in the Asia-Pacific region. His elder brother is fellow billionaire Kenneth Lo. As of February 2019, "Forbes" estimated his net worth at US$5.4 billion. He is the father of Allen Law, who is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Park Hotel Group.

Morgans Hotel Group
Morgans Hotel Group (MHG) was a global hospitality company acquired by SBE Entertainment Group in 2016. The company, founded by Ian Schrager, is credited with inventing the Boutique Hotel concept in 1984 when it opened Morgans Hotel in New York. MHG owned or partially owned and managed thirteen hotels in London, Los Angeles, Miami, Las Vegas, New York and San Francisco comprising over 3,000 rooms. Among the hotel brands belonging to the Morgans Hotel Group were Delano, Mondrian, Hudson, Shore Club, Royalton, and A Morgans Original. Each of its hotels was designed by a world−renowned designer, including: Andree Putnam, Philippe Starck, Marcel Wanders, Benjamin Noriega-Ortiz. In May 2016, SBE Entertainment Group agreed to acquire Morgans Hotel Group. The combined company would own or operate over 20 hotels, including properties under SBE's flagship SLS brand. The transaction was completed on November 30, 2016. Morgans Hotel Group had been a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ exchange until the SBE acquisition. Sam Nazarian, sbe’s Founder and Chief Executive Officer, retained majority ownership of sbe, and remained its Founder & CEO, leading all day-to-day operations. Ron Burkle rolled his existing equity stake in Morgans into an ownership stake in sbe. In addition, sbe received an investment from Cain Hoy Enterprises, a global real estate investment company headed by Todd Boehly and Jonathan Goldstein. Jonathan Goldstein and Ron Burkle joined Sam Nazarian on sbe’s board of directors.

John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Les Hôtels Baverez
Les Hôtels Baverez is a French luxury hotel group that was created in 1900.

Girish Jhunjhnuwala
Girish Jhunjhnuwala( born 1963) is an Indian hotelier based in Hong Kong. He is the founder of Ovolo Group, an independent hotel group headquartered in Hong Kong, and the Chairman of Hind Group of Companies.