Abe Meyer
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.

Alonso Mudarra
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument. He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.

Thomas Morse
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.

Walter Ulfig
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.

Henri Verdun
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.

Vladimír Godár
Vladimír Godár (born 16 March 1956, Bratislava) is a Slovak composer who is active in the fields of contemporary classical music and film music. He is also known for his collaboration with the Czech violinist, singer and composer Iva Bittová. As an academic, he is a writer, editor and translator of books on historical music research. He has been active in reviving the music and reputation of 19th Century Slovak composer Ján Levoslav Bella. He studied composition under Juraj Pospíšil and piano under Mária Masariková at the Bratislava Conservatory. In 1979 he began work as editor of the music books department of OPUS, and he taught at the Academy of Performing Arts in Bratislava from 1985. His work is little known outside Slovakia, but much of his music has been released by Slovart Records. Amongst his compositions is a large scale sonata for cello dedicated to the memory of Victor Shklovsky. He won the 2001 Georges Delerue Award for the score of the film "Landscape". In 2019, his first novel "Heretical Quodlibets" is published in English by Dalkey Archive Press in its "Eastern European Literature" series.

Tarcisio Fusco
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores. He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.

Amedeo Escobar
Amedeo Escobar( 1888–1973) was an Italian composer of film scores.

Let asfaltového holuba
Let asfaltového holuba ("Fly of the Asphalt Pigeon") is a 1991 Czechoslovak psychodrama, starring Ondřej Vetchý, Szidi Tobias, Roman Luknár and György Cserhalmi. The movie directed by Vladimír Balco, brought Vetchý the Golden Nail at the 29th Festival československého filmu as Best Actor in Leading Role. While Vladimír Godár won the award in the Film score category.

Bert Grund
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.