Stolen Identity
Stolen Identity is a 1953 Austrian film directed by Gunther von Fritsch and starring Donald Buka, Joan Camden and Francis Lederer. The film is the English- language version of the film( 1952), directed by Emil- Edwin Reinert, starring Gustav Fröhlich and Cornell Borchers. Besides the two leading roles the cast of both films is essentially the same.

Fred Roy Krug
Fred R. Krug is an American film and television producer- director born in Bern, Switzerland.

Jacques Décombe
Jacques Décombe is a French author, actor and director born in 1953.

Claude Weisz
Claude Weisz is a French film director born in Paris.

Gordon Douglas (director)
Gordon Douglas( December 15, 1907 – September 29, 1993) was an American film director, who directed many different genres of films over the course of a five- decade career in motion pictures. He was a native of New York City.

Gunther von Fritsch
Gunther von Fritsch( 15 July 1906, Pula – 27 August 1988, Pasadena) was an American film director born in the Austro- Hungarian Empire.

Them!
Them! is a 1954 American black- and- white science fiction monster film from Warner Bros. Pictures, produced by David Weisbart, directed by Gordon Douglas, and starring James Whitmore, Edmund Gwenn, Joan Weldon, and James Arness. The film is based on an original story treatment by George Worthing Yates, which was then developed into a screenplay by Ted Sherdeman and Russell Hughes. " Them!" is one of the first of the 1950s" nuclear monster" films, and the first" big bug" feature. A nest of gigantic irradiated ants is discovered in the New Mexico desert; they quickly become a national threat when it is discovered that two young queen ants and their consorts have escaped to establish new nests. The national search that follows finally culminates in a battle with" Them" in the concrete spillways and storm drain system of Los Angeles.

Yolonda Ross
Yolonda Ross is an American character actress, writer and director born (31 July 1974).

Sepideh Farsi
Sepideh Farsi is an Iranian film director, born in Tehran in 1965.

W. Augustus Barratt
W. Augustus Barratt( 1873- 1947) was a Scottish- born, later American, songwriter and musician.