Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Fernando Poe Jr.
Ronald Allan Kelley Poe (August 20, 1939 – December 14, 2004), better known as Fernando Poe Jr. and colloquially known as FPJ, Ronwaldo Reyes and Da King, was a Filipino actor, director and politician. His long career as an action film star earned him the nickname "King of Philippine Movies" (often shortened to "Da King"). During the latter part of his career, Poe was defeated by then-President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in the fraudulent 2004 Philippine presidential election. Poe was posthumously declared a National Artist of the Philippines for Film on May 23, 2006 by Former President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo. The award was confirmed by Former President Benigno Aquino III on July 20, 2012, and was presented to his family on August 16.

Serena Dalrymple
Serena Gail Dalrymple( born September 7, 1990) is a Filipina actress who has been officially retired from show business since 2004, though she twice briefly returned to star in the 2008 film" Ang Tanging Ina Ninyong Lahat" and in the 2010 film" Ang Tanging Ina Mo( Last na' To!)". During her career, she played roles in a number of movies and television series, largely with ABS- CBN.

John Farrell (businessman)
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.

Dana Blankstein
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television. She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.

Michael Govan
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006. Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

John Donatich
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.

Ang Padrino
Ang Padrino  is a 1984 Philippine action film co-written, produced and directed by Fernando Poe Jr.. The film also stars Poe as the titular "Padrino", a local adaptation of the film, "The Godfather". The film is known for the casting of radio personality, Rey Langit as an antagonist in the film.