Britt Allcroft
Britt Allcroft( born Hilary Mary Allcroft, 14 December 1943) is an English film, television and live theater producer, writer, director and voice actress. She is the creator of the children's television series" Thomas the Tank Engine& Friends"( later re-titled" Thomas& FriendsShining Time Station"( with Rick Siggelkow) and" Magic Adventures of Mumfie". She wrote, co-produced and directed the film" Thomas and the Magic Railroad"( 2000).

Olav Aaraas
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director. He was born in Fredrikstad. From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History. In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

The Impostor (1944 film)
The Impostor( a.k.a. Bayonet Charge and Strange Confession) is a 1944 American drama war film directed by Julien Duvivier starring Jean Gabin.

Brian Kennedy (gallery director)
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States. He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum. He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019. He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Thomas the Impostor
Thomas the Impostor  is a 1965 French drama film directed by Georges Franju and starring Emmanuelle Riva, Fabrice Rouleau, Sophie Dares, Jean Marais and Charles Aznavour. It is based on a novel of the same name by Jean Cocteau.

Georges Franju
Georges Franju (12 April 1912 – 5 November 1987) was a French filmmaker. He was born in Fougères, Ille-et-Vilaine.

Jesse E. Hobson
Jesse Edward Hobson( May 2, 1911 – November 5, 1970) was the director of SRI International from 1947 to 1955. Prior to SRI, he was the director of the Armour Research Foundation.

Dolly Gray impostor
The Dolly Gray impostor was an unknown American football player who played under the alias of Jack" Dolly" Gray, an end from Princeton University in 1922. He was rumored to be an All- American honoree in 1922; however, the only known player named Gray to be awarded consensus All- American honors at Princeton in 1922 was Howdy Gray, who was also an end. Under the alias of Gray, the impostor played in the National Football League in 1923 for the St. Louis All- Stars and the Green Bay Packers. In 1923, the impostor approached Ollie Kraehe, the owner and player- coach of the NFL's St. Louis All- Stars. Kraehe signed him to the All- Stars where the impostor played in three games. After witnessing the poor quality of play in what he thought was Dolly Gray, an All- American football star at Princeton, Kraehe discovered that he was lied to and that the man claiming to be Dolly Gray was actually an impostor. Kraehe decided to pull the deception that had been pulled on him on another team. After a 6 – 0 loss to the Cleveland Indians, Kraehe released the impostor to Curly Lambeau and the Green Bay Packers in exchange for cash he desperately needed to keep his team operating. From Lambeau's perspective, it appeared that he had gained the best player on the All- Stars roster. Two weeks later, the Packers played the All- Stars at Sportsman's Park. The game ended in a 3–0 Packers victory. After the game, Curly Lambeau cornered the St. Louis owner and questioned him about Dolly Gray. According to Lambeau, Gray played in just one game with the Packers and had played poorly. Then, after boarding the train for the team's game in St. Louis, he had mysteriously disappeared. Kraehe then admitted to Lambeau that the deal between the two clubs regarding Gray was a joke. He explained how the con man had deceived his way onto the All- Stars roster. Kraehe then thought that he would try to recycle the trick on Lambeau in good fun. Kraehe finally stated that it had always been his intention to give Lambeau back the money he spent on the impostor. The person's identity remains unknown.