Stars on Parade
Stars on Parade may refer to:

After the Apocalypse
After the Apocalypse is a 2004 science fiction black- and- white film about five survivors after World War III. A single woman and four men are forced to communicate without words because of destructive gasses from the war. They are forced to recreate their lives both individually and collectively. The film does not have any dialogue.

Varieties on Parade
Varieties on Parade is a 1951 American musical film directed by Ron Ormond.

Idol on Parade
Idol on Parade also known as Idle on Parade is a 1959 youth- oriented British comedy film produced by Warwick Films, directed by John Gilling and starring Anthony Newley, Sid James and Lionel Jeffries. It was John Antrobus' first screenplay. The film depicts the main character being called up for two years of compulsory National Service in the British military and was based on the 1958 novel" Idle on Parade" by William Camp which in turn was inspired by Elvis Presley's conscription into the US Army. The film featured Newley singing five songs in a cockney accent for the film. One of the songs," I've Waited So Long", became a pop hit, reaching No. 3 in the UK chart, and it led to a singing career which included two UK No.1s.

Hollywood on Parade
Hollywood on Parade( 1932– 1934) is a series of short subjects released by Paramount Pictures.

Hollywood on Parade No. A-8
Hollywood on Parade No. A- 8( 1933) is an American Pre- Code Paramount Pictures short film.

Stars on Parade (1944 film)
Stars on Parade is a 1944 American film starring Larry Parks.

Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (disambiguation)
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are four beings described in the New Testament's Book of Revelation. Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse or Four Horsemen may also refer to:

Cadets on Parade
Cadets on Parade is a 1942 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Howard J. Green. The film stars Freddie Bartholomew, Jimmy Lydon, Joseph Crehan, Raymond Hatton, Minna Gombell and Robert Warwick. The film was released on January 22, 1942, by Columbia Pictures.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.