Sweet Lips
Sweet Lips or Sweetlips may refer to:

Greenwater Lake Provincial Park
Greenwater Lake Provincial Park is located in eastern Saskatchewan on Highway 38. The name of the park does not refer to the colour of the water itself, but rather to the colour of the reflection of the trees on the water near the shores.

The Touch of Your Lips
" The Touch of Your Lips" is a romantic ballad written by Ray Noble in 1936. The original version of the song, which has become a standard, was by Al Bowlly accompanied by Ray Noble and His Orchestra. Three versions of the song reached the charts of the day in the USA in 1936. They were by Hal Kemp(# 3), Bing Crosby(# 4) and Ray Noble(# 12). The Crosby version was recorded on March 24, 1936 with Victor Young and his Orchestra. " The Touch of Your Lips" has appeared on the following albums:

The Colour of Magic (video game)
The Colour of Magic is a text adventure game developed by Delta 4 and published by Piranha Games, released in 1986. It was released for the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, and Commodore 64 computers. It is the first Discworld computer game and so far the only one adapted directly from one of the novels, and follows the plot of the book closely. In 2006, another video game based on" The Colour of Magic" was released on mobile phones titled" Discworld: The Colour of Magic". It is an isometric action game.

The Touch of Your Lips (Chet Baker album)
The Touch of Your Lips is an album by trumpeter/ vocalist Chet Baker which was recorded in 1979 and released on the Danish Steeple Chase label.

Time of Your Life
Time of Your Life may refer to:

The Colour of Your Lips
The Colour of Your Lips is a Canadian short drama film, directed by Annick Blanc and released in 2018. The film stars Alexis Lefebvre and Katia Lévesque as a man and a woman who appear to be the last remaining survivors of a post-apocalyptic world where the atmosphere no longer supports human life. At the 7th Canadian Screen Awards in 2019, the film was shortlisted for Best Live Action Short Drama.

The Touch of Your Lips (Nat King Cole album)
The Touch of Your Lips is a 1961 album by Nat King Cole, arranged by Ralph Carmichael.

H. M. Pulham, Esq.
H. M. Pulham, Esq. is a 1941 American drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Hedy Lamarr, Robert Young, and Ruth Hussey. Based on the novel" H. M. Pulham, Esq." by John P. Marquand, the film is about a middle- aged businessman who has lived a conservative life according to the routine conventions of society, but who still remembers the beautiful young woman who once brought him out of his shell. Vidor co-wrote the screenplay with his wife, Elizabeth Hill Vidor. The film features an early uncredited appearance by Ava Gardner.

The Colour of My Love Tour
The Colour of My Love Tour is the fifth concert tour by Celine Dion. The tour was organized to support the album "The Colour of My Love".