Darkness on the Edge of Town (disambiguation)
Darkness on the Edge of Town is a studio album released by Bruce Springsteen in 1978. Darkness on the Edge of Town may also refer to:

Goonga Pehelwan
Goonga Pehelwan( from Hindi गूंगा पहलवान, meaning< nowiki >Mute wrestler</ nowiki>) is a documentary film on the life and struggles of Virender Singh Yadav who is regarded as one of India's most accomplished deaf athletes from village Sasroli in Haryana. The documentary, which released in 2013, is an attempt to bring to light the unequal treatment and opportunities that disabled athletes have been on the receiving end of from the Government and the society. Another aim is to enforce a change on the policy level which will benefit disabled athletes through inclusion and cash awards. The documentary has been directed by Mit Jani, Prateek Gupta and Vivek Chaudhary, and produced by Drishti media. Both parties are based in Ahmedabad, Gujarat.

The Edge of Power
The Edge of Power is a 1987 Australian film directed by Henri Safran.

Living on the Edge of the World
Living on the Edge of the World may refer to:

At the Edge of the World
At the Edge of the World may refer to:

The Edge of Forever
The Edge of Forever may refer to:

The House on the Edge of the Park
The House on the Edge of the Park is a 1980 English- language Italian exploitation horror film written by Gianfranco Clerici and Vincenzo Mannino, and directed by Ruggero Deodato. It stars David A. Hess and Giovanni Lombardo Radice as two criminals who infiltrate a posh gathering in a villa and violently turn against the partygoers after they mock them. The film is a loose remake of" Last House on the Left"( 1972), in which Hess also starred.

Edge of the World (disambiguation)
Edge of the World is an album by Glenn Tipton. Edge of the World or The Edge of the World may also refer to:

The Edge of Reason
The Edge of Reason may refer to:

Christian Borromeo
Christian Borromeo is a retired Italian actor. He made several feature films, perhaps best known for Ruggero Deodato's" The House on the Edge of the Park", and Dario Argento's" Tenebrae".