Kill a Dragon
Kill a Dragon( filmed under the working title of To Kill a Dragon) is a 1967 adventure film pitting Jack Palance against Fernando Lamas: Palance is an adventurer and Lamas is a ruthless dictator/ warlord. Filmed on location in Hong Kong and Macau, it was produced by Aubrey Schenck and released through United Artists. In the United States the film was double billed with" Navajo Joe".

Polly of the Movies
Polly of the Movies is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Scott Pembroke and starring Jason Robards, Gertrude Short and Corliss Palmer. It is loosely based on Harry Leon Wilson's 1922 novel" Merton of the Movies" and its various film adaptations.

Twelve Hours to Kill
Twelve Hours to Kill( also known as 12 Hours to Kill) is a 1960 American crime drama film directed by Edward L. Cahn and starring Nico Minardos and Barbara Eden.

To Kill a Dragon
To Kill a Dragon is a 1989 Soviet- German parable fantasy film based on the play of Evgeny Shvarts" Dragon"( 1942 – 1944), directed by Mark Zakharov( marking his final film until 2002).

The Muppets Go to the Movies
The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".

Mystery Plane
Mystery Plane( aka Sky Pilot and Sky Pirate) is a 1939 American action film directed by George Waggner and written by Paul Schofield and George Waggner. The film is based on the comic strip" Tailspin Tommy" by Hal Forrest and Glenn Chaffin. The film stars John Trent, Marjorie Reynolds, Milburn Stone, Jason Robards Sr., George Lynn and Lucien Littlefield. " Mystery Plane", the first of four" Tailspin Tommy" films made by Monogram Pictures was released on March 8, 1939.

Shenlong (disambiguation)
Shenlong is a dragon from Chinese mythology. Shenlong may also refer to:

Kill a Dragon
Kill a Dragon( filmed under the working title of To Kill a Dragon) is a 1967 adventure film pitting Jack Palance against Fernando Lamas: Palance is an adventurer and Lamas is a ruthless dictator/ warlord. Filmed on location in Hong Kong and Macau, it was produced by Aubrey Schenck and released through United Artists. In the United States the film was double billed with" Navajo Joe".

Calvert Watkins
Calvert Watkins( March 13, 1933 – March 20, 2013) was an American linguist and philologist, known for his book" How to Kill a Dragon". He was Professor Emeritus of linguistics and the classics at Harvard University and later went to serve as professor- in- residence at UCLA.

At the Movies
At the Movies may refer to: