Mackenzie High School (Michigan)
Mackenzie High School was a public high school in Detroit, Michigan.

Shonan Institute of Technology High School
Shonan Institute of Technology High School is a high school in Kanagawa, Japan. It was founded in 1961 as high school attached to Shonan Institute of Technology

West High School (Phoenix, Arizona)
West High School was a high school that formed part of the Phoenix Union High School District in Phoenix, Arizona.

Canyon High School (Ogden, Utah)
Canyon High School was a high school in Ogden, Utah.

Santa Rosa Science and Technology High School
The Santa Rosa Science and Technology High School is a non-sectarian, co-educational secondary and technology high school located in J.P Rizal Blvd. Barangay Market Area, Santa Rosa City, Laguna, in the Philippines.

Amaya School of Home Industries
Amaya School of Home Industries ( Acronym: ASHI; Filipino:" Paaralan ng mga Industriyang Pantahanan ng Amaya") is a public high school located at Sahud- Ulan, Tanza, Cavite, Philippines. The school was established by virtue of Republic Act No. 3987 which was approved on June 18, 1964. It is one of the pioneer school in Cavite province that offers quality education in terms of technical skills development. ASHI is one of the most competitive school in Tech- Voc expositions, campus journalism, and academic contests.

Sioux Falls New Technology High School
Sioux Falls New Technology High School is a high school in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.

Ottawa High School and Junior High School
The Ottawa High School and Junior High School, located at 526 and 506 S. Main St. respectively, are the historic former high school and junior high school in Ottawa, Kansas. The high school was built in 1917, while the junior high school was built from 1927 to 1928; an enclosed hallway connecting the two buildings was built with the junior high school. The high school was the first school in Ottawa to be built solely as a high school and the eighth school built in Ottawa. George P. Washburn& Son designed the high school in the Collegiate Gothic style. When the junior high school was constructed ten years later, the firm, by then known as Washburn& Stookey, designed the building in the same style as the high school. In 1966, a new high school was built for the upper three classes of students; the freshman class moved to the building in 1976, and the old high school and junior high school became a middle school. The two buildings were connected by a multi-purpose room in the same year. The middle school later vacated the building. The school was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 6, 2000.

Macquarie Boys Technology High School
Macquarie Boys' Technology High School was a high school for boys in Parramatta, New South Wales, Australia.

Calloway County High School
Calloway County High School is a public high school located in Murray, Kentucky. The school was formed from the consolidation of six high schools from across the county: Hazel High School, Lynn Grove High School, Kirksey High School, Almo High School, New Concord High School, and Faxon High School.