Jane Wigham
Jane Wigham( née Smeal; 1801–1888) was a leading Scottish abolitionist. She was the stepmother of Eliza Wigham and the second wife of John Wigham.

Brancaleone Doria
Brancaleone Doria was the husband of Eleanor of Arborea. He was a scion of an influential family (the Doria) of the Republic of Genoa, the son of the elder Brancaleone and a woman named Giacomina. On 16 March 1357, he became a vassal of Peter IV of Aragon, the nominal King of Sardinia, to legitimate the possessions of his father on the island. When Hugh III of Arborea, Eleanor's brother, sought out a matrimonial alliance with Genoa, his choice for a brother-in-law fell on Brancaleone. The marriage took place in 1376, a political alliance only, for the Bas-Serra family of Eleanor was opposed to the royal pretensions of the House of Barcelona, to which Brancaleone was affiliated. Already at the time of his marriage, he had illegitimate children, Giannettino and Nicholas, by an anonymous woman. When Hugh was assassinated in 1383, Eleanor and Brancaleone's young son Frederick succeeded to the Giudicato of Arborea. At that time, Brancaleone was in Catalonia to receive the honorific title of "Count of Monteleone and Baron of Lower Marmilla. " As soon as Peter IV heard of the election of Frederick, he arrested Brancaleone and sent him to Cagliari, to be imprisoned first in the tower of Pancrazio and then in that of Elefante. Arborea was governed in the meantime by Eleanor. Frederick, later seized and imprisoned by Peter himself, died young and in captivity. He was succeeded by Brancaleone's second son, Marianus V. Brancaleone was finally liberated only on 1 January 1390. His fidelity to the Aragonese crown was by then broken. On 1 April 1391, Brancaleone marched on Castel di Cagliari and, on 16 August, occupied Sassari and Osilo with his son Marianus. In September, he conquered the castles of Fava, Galtellì, Bonvehì, and Pedreso. Only Alghero and Longosardo remained in Aragonese hands by then. On 3 October, he entered Villa di Chiesa. In a letter written at Sanluri on 3 February 1392, he announced having repossessed all the territories lost to the Aragonese in 1388. On 16 March, a fleet under Martin of Aragon appeared off Capo San Marco, conducted from Sicily for the purpose of putting down Brancaleone's "rebellion." The attempt failed. Following Marianus' death, Arborea passed to William III of Narbonne. Brancaleone retired to his estates at Monteleone. He disappears from the record mysteriously before the Battle of Sanluri in 1409.

May Green Hinckley
May Green Hinckley( May 1, 1881 – May 2, 1943) was the third general president of the Primary of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints( LDS Church) from 1940 until her death. She was the stepmother of Gordon B. Hinckley, fifteenth president of the LDS Church.

Dorothy Granger
Dorothy Karolyn Granger( November 21, 1911 – January 4, 1995) was an American actress best known for her roles in short subject comedies in Hollywood. She was also the stepmother of film maker and former record producer Anthony J. Hilder.

Frederick of Denmark (bishop)
Frederick of Denmark( 13 April 1532–7 October 1556) was the youngest son of Frederick I of Denmark and Sophie of Pomerania. He was the Prince- Bishop of Hildesheim and Bishop of Schleswig.

Irene Baker
Edith Irene Bailey Baker( November 17, 1901 – April 2, 1994) was an American politician and a United States Representative from Tennessee. She was the widow of Howard Baker Sr. and the stepmother of Howard Baker Jr.

Henriette Feuerbach
Henriette Feuerbach( 13 August 1812 – 5 August 1892) was a German author and arts patron. She was the wife of Joseph Anselm Feuerbach and the stepmother of painter Anselm Feuerbach, whom she supported in his art.

Frederick of Arborea
Frederick (1377–1387) was the Judge of Arborea from 1383 until his death. His surname was Doria, but since he belonged to the ruling house of Arborea he is often dynastically called Bas-Serra, or Doria-Bas. Nephew and successor of Hugh III, he was a minor upon his succession and was under the tutelage of his mother Eleanor. He was born at Castel Genovese (modern Castelsardo) in 1377 to Eleanor and Brancaleone Doria, a Genoese nobleman. In 1382, Eleanor was residing in Genoa, where she made a pact with the Doge Nicolò Guarco that loaned him 4,000 florins and promised Frederick in marriage to the doge's daughter Bianchina. If the girl died before the marriage could take place, the agreement would be null. Frederick never reached puberty and the accord never came into effect. Upon Hugh's death in a republican uprising, the barons of the realm gathered in a parliament and elected Frederick judge. Eleanor immediately set to work defeating the rebels and securing her son's realm. No sooner, the Giudicato fell into another bitter war with the Crown of Aragon, who laid claim to the island. During the war, Frederick was captured together with his father by its monarch Peter IV of Aragon, and they both were imprisoned in Cagliari, first in the tower of San Pancrazio and then in that of Elefante. Frederick died in captivity in 1387, the same year as Peter. He was succeeded by his younger brother Marianus V, also under the regency of Eleanor.

Marianus V of Arborea
Marianus V( 1378 or 1379 – 1407) was the Judge of Arborea from 1387 until his death. His surname was Doria, but since he belonged to the ruling house of Arborea he is often dynastically called Bas -Serra, or Doria- Bas. Younger brother and successor of Frederick, he was a minor upon his succession and was under the tutelage of his mother Eleanor. He was born at Castel Genovese( modern Castelsardo) between 1378 and 1379 to Eleanor and Brancaleone Doria, a Genoese nobleman. In 1383, he was proclaimed judge along with his brother, Frederick of Arborea. In 1387, his brother died under Aragonese captivity and Marianus became sole judge at a time when the Giudicato of Arborea was at war with the Crown of Aragon. On 24 January 1388, Eleanor signed a pact with Aragon which brought peace and safeguarded Marianus' rule. On 16 August 1391, Marianus accompanied his father at the occupation of Sassari and Osilo. Marianus was 14 years old in 1392 when his mother promulgated the Carta de Logu and he was declared of age. He immediately reaffirmed the treaty with Aragon, but the real power at that time lay with Brancaleone. Eleanor died in 1404. He died of bubonic plague three years later without heirs, presenting a succession crisis.

Duke Eugen of Württemberg (1758–1822)
Duke Eugen of Württemberg( 21 November 1758 – 20 June 1822) was a German prince. He was the brother of Frederick I of Württemberg