Empties
Empties is a 2007 film directed by Jan Svěrák and written by his father Zdeněk Svěrák, who also stars in the film. It was released first in the Czech Republic in March 2007. The film is a comedy from the same team which made Kolya.

Coney Island Baby (film)
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut. Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer. The music was composed by Ryan Shore. The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island". The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival. Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director". The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.

Bommalattam (2008 film)
Bommalattam is a 2008 Indian Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja starring Arjun Sarja and Nana Patekar in the lead roles. Originally filmed in Hindi under the title" Cinema", the film was released first in Tamil. Hindi version retitled" Final Cut of Director" had a limited release in 2016. This marked Nana Patekar's Tamil film debut.

Aansoo Ban Gaye Phool
Aansoo Ban Gaye Phool is a 1969 Hindi movie directed by Satyen Bose. The film stars Ashok Kumar, Nirupa Roy, Pran, Deb Mukherjee, Alka, Bir Sakuja, Raj Mehra, Anup Kumar and Helen. The music is by Laxmikant Pyarelal. Penned by Taj Bhopali and Govind Munees. It is based on the Marathi play" Ashroonchi Zhali Phule".

Single Video Theory
Single Video Theory is a music documentary directed by Mark Pellington that follows the making of "Yield", the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released first on VHS on August 4, 1998, and then on DVD on November 24, 1998.

Twelfth Night (1955 film)
Twelfth Night( transliteration" Dvenadtsataya noch") is a 1955 Soviet comedy film by Lenfilm based on Shakespeare's play" Twelfth Night, or What You Will". The script was written by Yan Frid. The film was released in the Soviet Union on November 21, 1955, and in the United States on March 3, 1956.

Stockholmsnatt
Stockholmsnatt( English:" Stockholm Night" or" The King of Kungsan") is a Swedish drama film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 23 January 1987, directed by Staffan Hildebrand.

The Wonderful World of Captain Kuhio
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.

The First 7th Night
The First 7th Night  is a 2009 Hong Kong horror film directed by Herman Yau. The film was rated Category III by the Hong Kong motion picture rating system.

A City Is Beautiful at Night
A City Is Beautiful at Night or C'est beau une ville la nuit is a 2006 French drama film directed by Richard Bohringer.