Robert W. Levering
Robert Woodrow Levering( October 3, 1914 – August 11, 1989) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, son-in- law of Usher L. Burdick and brother- in- law of Quentin N. Burdick.

Nick Sidi
Nick Sidi( born 22 February 1966 in Manchester, England) is an English actor. He is the son -in- law of actress Rosalind Knight and brother- in- law of actress Susannah Elliott- Knight. He often plays drama or comedy roles on television and frequently appears in BBC dramas.

Lee Chan-hyuk
Lee Chan- hyuk( born September 12, 1996), is a South Korean singer, songwriter and producer. He debuted as a member of the sibling duo AKMU in April 2014, under YG Entertainment.

Christopher Nolan
Christopher Edward Nolan, (born 30 July 1970) is a British-American filmmaker, who is known for making personal, distinctive films within the Hollywood mainstream. His films have grossed over US$4.7billion worldwide and garnered a total of 34 Oscar nominations and ten wins. Born and raised in London, Nolan developed an interest in filmmaking from a young age. After studying English literature at University College London, he made his feature debut with "Following" (1998). Nolan gained international recognition with his second film, "Memento" (2000), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. He transitioned from independent to studio filmmaking with "Insomnia" (2002), and found further critical and commercial success with "The Dark Knight Trilogy" (2005–2012), "The Prestige" (2006), and "Inception" (2010), which received eight Oscar nominations, including for Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay. This was followed by "Interstellar" (2014), and "Dunkirk" (2017), which earned him Academy Award nominations for Best Picture and Best Director. Nolan has co-written several of his films with his brother Jonathan, and runs the production company Syncopy Inc. with his wife Emma Thomas. Nolan's films are typically rooted in epistemological and metaphysical themes, exploring human morality, the construction of time, and the malleable nature of memory and personal identity. His work is permeated by unconventional narrative structures, cross-cutting, practical special effects, experimental soundscapes, large-format film photography, materialistic perspectives, and analogous relationships between visual language and narrative elements. Nolan has received many awards and honours. "Time" magazine named Nolan one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2015, and in 2019, he was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire for his services to film. In addition to his filmmaking, he is an advocate for film preservation and the analog medium.

Wyndham Goold
Wyndham Goold( 1812-1854) was a Member of Parliament( MP) for County Limerick from 1850 to 1854. Goold was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Dublin. He was the son in law of Frederick Falkiner Goold, Archdeacon of Raphoe and brother in law of Bishop Hamilton Verschoyle

Jonathan Nolan
Jonathan Nolan (born 6 June 1976) is a British-American screenwriter, television producer, director and author. He is the creator of the CBS science fiction series "Person of Interest" (2011–2016) and co-creator of the HBO science fiction western series "Westworld" (2016–present). Nolan has collaborated on several films with his brother, director Christopher Nolan, who adapted Jonathan's short story "Memento Mori" into the neo-noir thriller film "Memento" (2000). Together, the siblings co-wrote the mystery thriller film "The Prestige" (2006), the superhero films "The Dark Knight" (2008) and "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012), and the science fiction film "Interstellar" (2014). Nolan was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for "Memento", and for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series and Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for "Westworld", among a number of other awards.

Greg Penner
Gregory B. Penner( born December 18, 1969) is an American businessman and venture capitalist. Penner was named the chairman of Walmart on June 5, 2015. He is the son-in- law of S. Robson Walton and the grandson- in- law of Sam Walton, the founder of Walmart.

Charles Francis Norton
Charles Francis Norton( 1807 – 1835) was a 19th- century Member of Parliament for Guildford. Norton was also a Captain of 52nd Light Infantry; son-in- law of Sir Colin Campbell; brother- in- law of writer Caroline Norton

Robert Vadra
Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman, entrepreneur and the husband of Priyanka Gandhi. He is the son -in- law of Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, and the brother- in- law of Rahul Gandhi.

Romanos Argyros (10th century)
Romanos Argyros was a Byzantine aristocrat and son-in- law of Emperor Romanos I Lekapenos.