Bernie Bonvoisin
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director. He is best known for having been the singer of Trust. He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."

Vanessa Curry
Vanessa Curry( born in Fremont, California) is an American model, dancer and singer. Curry was a Laker girl in the 2007- 08 season. She was a member of the third and fourth line- up of The Pussycat Dolls and graduated from Moreau Catholic High School in Hayward, California. Apart from performing as a vocalist, dancer and rapper for the Dolls, Curry recorded the song," Watch Me" directed by James McCloud for FROCK Los Angeles LLC. On January 17, 2012 a music video for" Watch Me" was posted on YouTube.com. On August 14 of the same year the band, Nomads published in their YouTube channel the song" Addicted to Love" featuring Vanessa Curry with Leighton Meester and Wilmer Valderrama who was also the director with Andrew Sandler. Curry appeared with The Pussycat Dolls' fourth line- up debuting on February 5, 2012, during the Super Bowl, as part of GoDaddy ’s annual TV commercial, appearing with Danica Patrick. Curry was on" Dancing with the Stars" as a dancer for Pitbull.

Meghan Trainor
Meghan Elizabeth Trainor (born December 22, 1993) is an American singer-songwriter. Interested in music from a young age, she wrote, recorded, and produced three independently released albums between 2009 and 2011. Since signing with Epic Records in 2014, Trainor has earned three top-five singles on the US "Billboard" Hot 100; "All About That Bass" topped the chart for eight consecutive weeks, "Lips Are Movin" consecutively became her second top-five single, and "No" became her fastest to reach the top five. Her debut major-label studio album, "Title" (2015), on which the former two singles are included, debuted atop the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified Triple Platinum by the RIAA. Her second major-label studio album, "Thank You" (2016), on which the latter single is included, debuted at number three in the US and was certified Platinum in the country. Trainor is influenced by music from the 1950s and 1960s and is known for her throwback style. Her lyrics frequently refer to modern womanhood, body image, and empowerment. She has received several awards and nominations, including a Grammy Award, four ASCAP Pop Music Awards, and two "Billboard" Music Awards. Outside of music, Trainor has lent her voice to animated films and served as a judge on  and will serve as a coach on "The Voice UK" in 2020.

O Valencia!
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife". The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy. It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers. The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang. At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.

Billy Milano
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.

Caspar Babypants
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.

Love Made Me Do It (song)
" Love Made Me Do It" is a song by English singer Cheryl. It was released on 9 November 2018 through 3 Beat Records, following the premiere on Capital FM. " Love Made Me Do It" is a pop song written by Cheryl, Nicola Roberts, Natasha Bedingfield, Kylie Minogue and Miranda Cooper, as well as its producers The Invisible Men and Dylan Cooper. Lyrically, it speaks of Cheryl's failed relationships and how easy she finds it to fall in love. The song debuted at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart and spent one week in the Top 40. The accompanying music video was directed by Sophie Muller and shows the singer dancing with alternative camera shots and cuts.

Kristian Leontiou
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.

Watch Me Do
"Watch Me Do" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor from her second major-label studio album " Thank You" (2016). It was released on March 25, 2016 to digital download platforms by Epic Records as the album's first promotional single. Produced by Ricky Reed, he co-wrote the song with Trainor, Jacob Kasher Hindlin and Gamal Lewis. " Watch Me Do" is a hip hop-influenced pop song, with lyrics about female empowerment. The track received mixed reviews from music critics, with some of them appreciating its empowering theme but others being critical of Trainor's rapping skills. It was performed during Trainor's The Untouchable Tour (2016).