Gamtoos River: Gamtoos River or Gamptoos River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa. It is formed by the confluence of the Kouga River and the Groot River and is approximately long

Satellite tournament: A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

Samalá River: The Samalá is a river in southwestern Guatemala. Its sources are in the Sierra Madre, Valle De Écija range, in the departments of Quetzaltenango and Totonicapán. From there it flows down, past the towns San Carlos Sija in the Valle De Écija, Quetzaltenango, San Cristóbal Totonicapán, Quetzaltenango, El Palmar and Zunil, through the coastal plains of Retalhuleu into the Pacific Ocean. The Samalá river basin covers a territory of and has a population of around 400,000 people. Its proximity to the active Santa Maria and Santiaguito volcano complex, with its recurring lava and lahars flows, leads to a heightened risk of serious flooding.

Salang River: The Salang is a 438 kilometre long river of Afghanistan, flowing through Parwan Province. It is a tributary of the Indus River and the Ghorband River and the Panjshir River and the Kabul River.

Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre: Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre is a performing arts venue located in the Cumberland/ Galleria edge city, in northwest Atlanta, Georgia. The$ 145 million facility celebrated its grand opening September 15, 2007, with a concert by Michael Feinstein and Linda Eder. Located in Cobb County near Vinings, the venue is owned and operated by the Cobb- Marietta Coliseum& Exhibit Hall Authority, and took over two years to build. The naming rights for the facility were acquired for$ 20 million by Cobb Energy Management Corp. Real estate developer John A. Williams' personal donation of$ 10 million led to the theater itself being named in his honor.

Itter (Eder): Itter is a river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Edersee in Vöhl- Herzhausen.

Santa Cruz Muluá: Santa Cruz Muluá is a municipality in the Retalhuleu department of Guatemala. Its name comes from the ancient mayan word" Mulaja" which means" Land Between Rivers," because its between the Samalá River, the Rio Muluá and many other small rivers and streams. It is situated 180 km from Guatemala City. The administrative center is bounded by the Samalá River to the west, which serves as the border with San Sebastián. Santa Cruz Muluá borders on the north with San Martín Zapotitlán, with theme parks Xetulul and Xocomil. Also to the north lies San Felipe famous for its blood sausage(" moronga" locally), to the east and the south is San Andrés Villa Seca. Santa Cruz Mulua municipality contains several villages: El Asintal( also Canton Asintal), Los Brillantes( also Finca Los Brilliantes), Boxoma further to the south and not often visited and, Lolita, which is the most distant and close the Pacific coast.

Peters Creek (Pennsylvania): Peters Creek is a tributary of the Monongahela River and part of the Ohio River and Mississippi River watersheds, flowing through southwestern Pennsylvania in the United States.

Düsseldorf-Himmelgeist: Himmelgeist is an old part of Düsseldorf, which is dominated by agriculture until today. Himmelgeist lies by the river Rhine, neighbouring to Flehe and Itter. It is a small suburb of Düsseldorf. "Himguis" was mentioned first time in a document of 904. Himmelgeist had many problems with the neighboring river Rhine throughout its history.

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island: Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.