Satellite tournament
A satellite tournament is either a minor tournament or event on a competitive sporting tour or one of a group of such tournaments that form a series played in the same country or region.

1971 Copa Libertadores
The Copa Libertadores 1971 was the 12th edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. Nacional won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Godwin Davy
Godwin Davy( born 15 December 1979) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. He made his international debut in a World Cup qualifying match against El Salvador, resulting in a lopsided match, losing 12- 0 in February 2008, and also played in the 4 – 0 loss to the same country in the return match in March 2008.

2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

Novochesnokovo
Novochesnokovo is a rural locality( a selo) and the administrative center of Novochesnokovsky Selsoviet of Mikhaylovsky District, Amur Oblast, Russia. The population was 565 as of 2018. There are 20 streets.

Language Management
Language management is a discipline that consists of satisfying the needs of people who speak multiple different languages. These may be in the same country, in companies, and in cultural or international institutions where one must use multiple languages.

1993 Copa Libertadores
The Copa Libertadores 1993 was the 34th edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows:

Telephone numbers in Ascension Island
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.

Katanda
Katanda is a rural locality( a selo) and the administrative center of Katandinskoye Rural Settlement of Ust -Koksinsky District, the Altai Republic, Russia. The population was 905 as of 2016. There are 16 streets.

1992 Copa Libertadores
The 1992 Copa Libertadores was the 33rd edition of the Copa Libertadores, CONMEBOL's annual international club tournament. São Paulo won the competition. The participating teams were divided into five groups, in which teams of the same country were placed in the same group. Each country was represented by two teams. The countries were paired as follows: