John De Margheriti
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur. De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive. He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited. De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.

Herman Whiton
Herman Frasch Whiton( April 6, 1904 – September 6, 1967) was an American sailor and Olympic champion. He was born in Cleveland the grandson of inventor Herman Frasch and died in New York City. He was married to Emelyn Thatcher Whiton from 1939 to 1957. He graduated from Princeton University. After graduating he was a supporter of the university's Physics Department, and was instrumental in its acquisition of a Synchrotron. He served as President and Chairman of the Board of the Union Sulphur Company until 1952. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he won a gold medal in the" 6 metre class" with the boat' Llanoria'. At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki he won a gold medal with the same boat" Llanoria", but with a different crew that included his wife Emelyn Whiton. He also twice won the Scandinavian Gold Cup in the 6 metre class.

Herman Frasch
Herman Frasch [or Hermann Frasch] (December 25, 1851 in Oberrot bei Gaildorf, Württemberg – May 1, 1914 in Paris) was a chemist, mining engineer and inventor known for his work with petroleum and sulphur.

Tsuruichi Hayashi
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".

Cyrus Massoumi
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition. He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.

Joseph Spiegel
Joseph Spiegel( 1840- 1914) was the founder of the Spiegel catalog, Civil War veteran, and the younger brother of Union Army Colonel Marcus M. Spiegel.

Joan Bou
Joan Bou Company( born 16 January 1997) is a Spanish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team.

Gabriel Company (cyclist)
Gabriel Company( born 16 May 1930) is a Spanish former racing cyclist. In 1958 he won the Vuelta a Andalucía.

Sky Dayton
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor. He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.

Union Sulphur Company
The Union Sulphur Company was an American sulfur mining corporation founded in 1896 by the famous inventor Herman Frasch. It utilized the Frasch Process to extract previously inaccessible sulfur deposits located beneath swampland in Louisiana. The Union Sulphur Company dominated the world sulfur market until its patents expired in 1908. Its success led to the development of the present-day city of Sulphur, Louisiana. After its sulfur patents expired, the company transitioned into oil and natural gas production and was renamed the Union Sulphur & Oil Company and later the Union Oil & Gas Corporation. During World War I, the company was a critical source of sulfur for the U.S. war effort. During World War II, the company operated at least twenty-seven Liberty Ships and was awarded a War Service Flag. In 1960, the company merged with the Texas Natural Gas Corporation to form the Union Texas Natural Gas Corporation. In 1962, Union Texas was acquired by Allied Chemical Corporation. Through a series of transactions, the Union Texas division eventually became part of multinational energy company BP.