Emerald City Confidential
Emerald City Confidential is a 2009 computer adventure game conceived by Dave Gilbert, developed by Wadjet Eye Games and published through PlayFirst. It follows the protagonist Petra, Emerald City's only private eye, as she is approached by a strange woman named Dee Gale. Dee's fiancé is missing, and she is willing to pay Petra above the going rate in order to find him. Lacking any other prospects, Petra agrees. What starts off as a simple missing person case soon takes Petra deep into the seedy underbelly of the Emerald City's criminal underground and beyond. She encounters many characters from the Oz canon and some new characters, learns several magic spells, and uncovers the answer to a dark secret that has haunted Petra all her life. " Emerald City Confidential" is a third- person, mouse- driven, adventure game in which the player must solve various puzzles and follow certain procedures in order for the linear storyline to proceed. As a pure graphical adventure game," Emerald City Confidential" follows the guidelines first introduced by LucasArts: it is impossible to die or to get stuck at any moment in the game, which allows the user to fully immerse him/ herself in" Emerald City Confidential" s universe without the fear of making a mistake or the constant need to save the game. With this in mind, there are no save game functions, but the player's position is automatically bookmarked and restored when the game is restarted. The game is set in the magical land of Oz, created by L. Frank Baum, as put through the gritty filter of 1940s film noir, with harsh city streets, grey rainy skies, femmes fatales, tough guys, trenchcoats, fedoras and plot twists. It's Oz, seen through the eyes of Raymond Chandler.

North Kansas City, Missouri
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States. It is also enclaved in Kansas City. Despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census. Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits. North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.

City Confidential
City Confidential is an American documentary television show, originally transmitted on the A&E Network, which singled out a community during each episode and investigated a crime that had occurred there. Rather than being a straightforward procedural, the installments began by focusing on the history and spirit of the city chosen. Often, the crime and persons involved highlighted a unique feature of that community. Additionally, the show analyzed not only the crime itself, but also the impact which the crime, ensuing investigation and legal proceedings, had had on the community at large. Part of" City Confidential's" success was the wide variety of American cities the show covered. The show premiered in 1998, and featured communities that varied in size and prominence, from the smallest village to the largest urban areas. Examples include medium- sized cities, such as Newberry, South Carolina; Saddle River, New Jersey; Little Rock, Arkansas; and St. Charles, Missouri; and major cities such as Boston, Massachusetts, New Orleans, Louisiana; Miami, Florida; and Los Angeles, California. The original narrator of" City Confidential," Paul Winfield, was involved from the show's premiere in 1998 until his death in 2004. He was replaced by actor Keith David. The show was produced by Jupiter Entertainment. " City Confidential" aired its last new episode in December 2005.

Kansas City Storm
The Kansas City Storm is a women's tackle football team based in Kansas City. The Storm was founded in 2004 and has been serving Kansas City area women since then with a mission to" provide a safe, positive and fun opportunity for women in Kansas City and surrounding areas to play tackle football." Home games are played April – June at North Kansas City High School Stadium in nearby North Kansas City.

Neighborhoods of Kansas City, Missouri
This is a list of neighborhoods in Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas City, Kansas.

Kansas City Spurs
The Kansas City Spurs were an American professional soccer team who played in the North American Soccer League, based in Kansas City, Missouri. They played their home games at Kansas City Municipal Stadium, former home of the Kansas City Chiefs, Kansas City Athletics, and Kansas City Royals. The club was previously known as the Chicago Spurs of the National Professional Soccer League but were relocated to Kansas City following the merger of the NPSL and the United Soccer Association to form the NASL in 1967. The Spurs won the NASL Championship in 1969 but were dissolved shortly after the 1970 NASL season. The club's colors were red and white.

Men O' War
Men O' War is the third sound film starring Laurel and Hardy, released on June 29, 1929.

Missouri Route 1
Route 1 is a state highway in the Kansas City metropolitan area that travels from Route 210 in North Kansas City to Route 152 in Kansas City. Because of annexation, Route 1 travels to the north out of North Kansas City and enters Kansas City proper before passing through Gladstone and re-entering Kansas City.

Kansas City Confidential
Kansas City Confidential is a 1952 American film noir and crime film directed by Phil Karlson starring John Payne and Coleen Gray. The film was released in the United Kingdom as The Secret Four. Karlson and Payne teamed a year later for" 99 River Street", another film noir, followed by" Hell's Island", a film noir in color. This film is now in the public domain.

X-Men (disambiguation)
The X- Men are comic book characters. X- Men or X Men may also refer to: