Gülbahar Hatun (wife of Mehmed II)
Gülbahar Hatun( 1432 – 1492) was the consort of Sultan Mehmed II, and mother of Sultan Bayezid II of the Ottoman Empire and the grandmother of Selim I.

Olof Skötkonung
Olof Skötkonung (c. 980–1022) was King of Sweden, son of Eric the Victorious and, according to Icelandic sources, Sigrid the Haughty. He succeeded his father in c. 995. He stands at the threshold of recorded history, since he is the first Swedish ruler about whom there is substantial knowledge. He is regarded as the first king known to have ruled both the Swedes and the Geats.

Tjuyu
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya. She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.

Hubba bint Hulail
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.

Vyacheslav Yaroslavich
Vyacheslav Yaroslavich or Viacheslav Yaroslavich was the Prince of Smolensk from 1054 until his death in 1059. He was son of Yaroslav the Wise and Ingegerd Olofsdotter of Sweden. About Vyacheslav, there is almost no information. Some documents point out the fact of him having a son, Boris Vyacheslavich, who challenged Vsevolod I sometime in 1077- 1078.

Anne Denman
Anne Denman( 1587–1661) was born in Olde Hall, Retford, Nottinghamshire. Through a fortunate second marriage with Thomas Aylesbury, she became the grandmother of Lady Anne Hyde, Duchess of York and great- grandmother of Queen Mary II and Queen Anne.

Ingegerd Olofsdotter of Sweden
Ingegerd Olofsdotter of Sweden, also known as Irene, Anna and Saint Anna (1001 – 10 February 1050), was a Swedish princess and a Grand Princess of Kiev. She was the daughter of Swedish King Olof Skötkonung and Estrid of the Obotrites and the consort of Yaroslav I the Wise of Kiev. Ingegerd or Saint Anna is often confused with the mother of Saint Vladimir “the Enlightener” of the Rus. This is mainly because Ingegerd and Yaroslav also had a son named Vladimir. However, Saint Vladimir was the father of Ingegerd’s husband Yaroslav I “the Wise”, thus making her Saint Vladimir’s daughter-in-law. Saint Vladimir was the son of Sviatoslav and Malusha.

Hannah Arnold
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.

Mona Hopton Bell
Mona Hopton Bell( 1867- 1940) was a British artist, best known for her portraits of civic figures. She was the grandmother of the painter Jean H. Bell.

Kaoru Hatoyama
After the elections of 2009, she became more widely known as the grandmother of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and his politician brother Kunio Hatoyama.