List of English words of Philippine origin
This is a list of English words which originate from any of the Philippine languages:

E-Motion
E- Motion( also known as Sphericule or The Game of Harmony) is a 1990 puzzle video game developed by The Assembly Line. It was available for Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, MS- DOS, ZX Spectrum, and Game Boy. The Spectrum and Game Boy versions were developed by The Code Monkeys.

Zwick
Zwick is a surname. The name is believed to originate from the town of Zwickau, Germany.

Tommys
Tommys is a dansband from Vaasa, established in 1980. Hans Martin was the singer from establishment until the year 2000. During the 1980s, the band mostly played throughout Ostrobothnia, and Swedish- speaking parts of southern Finland. In Sweden, the breakthrough was their 1991 hit" Vår dotter".

Battle of the Bands (disambiguation)
Battle of the Bands is a contest in which two or more bands compete for the title of" best band". Battle of the Bands may also refer to:

Vocal Spectrum
Vocal Spectrum is a barbershop quartet from St. Charles, Missouri. In 2004, Vocal Spectrum won the Barbershop Harmony Society's International Collegiate Quartet Contest, and on July 8, 2006, they became International Champions, winning the society's International Quartet Contest. A distinctive factor of the quartet is tenor Tim Waurick's ability to sustain notes for upwards of 30 seconds, and the tenor's and lead's incredibly high note range, featured in many of the group's recordings and live shows. The quartet's run for the title is featured in the 2009 feature documentary" American Harmony".

2001–02 UEFA Champions League second group stage
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up. Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together. The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.

Pepsi Battle of the Bands
Pepsi Battle of the Bands is a Pakistani television series, originally based on the concept of Battle of the Bands, first aired in 2002 on PTV Home. The show was revived in 2017.

James Curnow
James Curnow is a composer of music for concert bands, brass bands, vocal and instrumental solos and ensembles. Curnow has also written arrangements of music pieces such as Trumpet Voluntary. He has taught at both public schools and on college and university levels.

List of bands from Finland
This page lists bands and musicians that originate from Finland.