Les Richards
Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).

Howard W. Koch
Howard Winchel Koch (April 11, 1916 – February 16, 2001) was an American producer and director of film and television.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

Fort Bowie (film)
Fort Bowie is a 1958 American Western film directed by Howard W. Koch and written by Maurice Tombragel. The film stars Ben Johnson, Jan Harrison, Kent Taylor, Maureen Hingert, Peter Mamakos and Larry Chance. The film was released on February 1, 1958, by United Artists.

Brian Saunders (weightlifter)
Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.

Theodred II (Bishop of Elmham)
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham. The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.

Easy Money (1917 film)
Easy Money is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Travers Vale and starring Ethel Clayton, John Bowers and Frank Mayo. It was shot at World Film's Fort Lee studios in New Jersey.

Terence Robinson
Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.

Etan Boritzer
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989. His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals. Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views. The other current books in the" What is?" series include What is Love?, What is Death?, What is Beautiful?, What is Funny?, What is Right?, What is Peace?, What is Money?, What is Dreaming?, What is a Friend?, What is True?, What is a Family?, What is a Feeling?" The series is now also translated into 15 languages. Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy. His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education. Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also. He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs. Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally. He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."