A Soldier's Oath
A Soldier's Oath is a lost 1915 silent film drama directed by Oscar Apfel and starring William Farnum. It was produced by William Fox.

Flexing with Monty
Flexing with Monty is a 2010 comedy- drama film and stars Trevor Goddard and Sally Kirkland. Shooting started in 1994 and was finally completed in 2008 during which both the film's male lead( Trevor Goddard), and the original producer died.

The Subterraneans (film)
The Subterraneans is a 1960 film directed by Ranald MacDougall based on the 1958 novel of the same name by Jack Kerouac.

Nat Cohen
Nat Cohen( 23 December 1905 – 10 February 1988) was a British film producer and executive. For over four decades he was one of the most significant figures in the British film industry, particularly in his capacity as head of Anglo- Amalgamated and EMI Films; he helped finance the first" Carry On" movies and early work of filmmakers such as Ken Loach, John Schlesinger, Alan Parker and David Puttnam. In the early 1970s while head of EMI Films he was called the most powerful man in the British film industry.

Le propre de l'homme
Le Propre de l'homme is a 1960 film directed by Claude Lelouch.

The Time Machine (2002 film)
The Time Machine is a 2002 American science fiction film loosely adapted from the 1895 novel of the same name by H. G. Wells and the screenplay of the 1960 film of the same name by David Duncan. Arnold Leibovit served as executive producer and Simon Wells, the great- grandson of the original author, served as director. The film stars Guy Pearce, Orlando Jones, Samantha Mumba, Mark Addy, and Jeremy Irons, and includes a cameo by Alan Young, who also appeared in the 1960 film adaptation. The film is set in New York City instead of London, and contains new story elements not present in the original novel nor the 1960 film adaptation, including a romantic backstory, a new scenario about how civilization was destroyed, and several new characters such as an artificially intelligent hologram and a Morlock leader. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Makeup( John M. Elliot Jr. and Barbara Lorenz) at the 75th Academy Awards, but lost to" Frida".

The Criminal (1960 film)
The Criminal is a 1960 British drama film produced by Nat Cohen and directed by Joseph Losey, starring Stanley Baker, Sam Wanamaker, Grégoire Aslan, and Margit Saad. Alun Owen wrote the screenplay, from a story by an uncredited Jimmy Sangster. Baker plays an ex-con who takes part in the robbery of a racetrack and is caught and sent back to prison. The film depicts a harsh and violent portrayal of prison life that led to the film being banned in several countries, including Finland. It was released in the United States as The Concrete Jungle.

William Fox (producer)
William Fox( born as Vilmos Fuchs January 1, 1879 – May 8, 1952) was a Hungarian- American motion picture executive, who founded the Fox Film Corporation in 1915 and the Fox West Coast Theatres chain in the 1920s. Although he lost control of his movie empire in 1930, his name lives on in the names of various media ventures, including 20th Century Fox, Fox Broadcasting Company, and Fox News Channel.

The Proper Time
The Proper Time is a 1960 film starring Tom Laughlin. It is also Laughlin's directorial and screenwriting debut.

Jack Hanbury
Jack Hanbury was a British film producer( died Jan. 1968). Films he has produced include" Sky West and Crooked" and" Three Hats for Lisa".