Charles K. Gifford
Charles K. Gifford is an American banker and businessman. He is the chairman emeritus of Bank of America having served on its board of directors from 2004 to 2016.

Daddy-Long-Legs (2005 film)
Daddy- Long-Legs( Kidari ajeossi) is a 2005 South Korean romance film. It was one of four Korean movies screened at the 2006 International Fajr Film Festival in Iran. The story is loosely inspired by the novel" Daddy- Long- Legs" by Jean Webster.

Alfred Vohrer
Alfred Vohrer( 29 December 1914 – 3 February 1986) was a German film director and actor. He directed 48 films between 1958 and 1984. His 1969 film" Seven Days Grace" was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. His 1972 film" Tears of Blood" was entered into the 8th Moscow International Film Festival. His 1974 film" Only the Wind Knows the Answer" was entered into the 9th Moscow International Film Festival.

Premutos: The Fallen Angel
Premutos: The Fallen Angel is a 1997 comedy horror splatter film written by, directed by, and starring Olaf Ittenbach. The film follows the carnage that ensues when a man accidentally resurrects Premutos, an evil fallen angel who takes over his body and then proceeds to summon an army of the living dead to do his bidding. The film was released with an English dub on DVD through Shock- O- Rama Cinema in 2002. It features the full, uncut version of the film and a" making of" documentary.

Hendrick Lucifer
Hendrick Jacobszoon Lucifer( 1583–1627) was a Dutch- born pirate. Hendrick's last name, Lucifer, referred to a lighting stick, not to the fallen angel Lucifer, and was most likely used as a nickname due to his use of fire and smoke to surprise enemies.

Daddy Long Legs (1955 film)
Daddy Long Legs( 1955) is a Hollywood musical comedy film set in France, New York City, and the fictional college town of Walston, Massachusetts. The film was directed by Jean Negulesco, and stars Fred Astaire, Leslie Caron, Terry Moore, Fred Clark, and Thelma Ritter, with music and lyrics by Johnny Mercer. The screenplay was written by Phoebe Ephron and Henry Ephron, loosely based on the 1912 novel" Daddy- Long- Legs" by Jean Webster. This was the first of three consecutive Astaire films set in France or with a French theme( the others being" Funny Face" and" Silk Stockings"), following the fashion for French- themed musicals established by ardent Francophile Gene Kelly with" An American in Paris"( 1951), which also featured Kelly's protégée Caron. Like" The Band WagonDaddy Long Legs" did only moderately well at the box office.

Daddy-Long-Legs (1919 film)
Daddy- Long- Legs is a 1919 silent comedy- drama film directed by Marshall Neilan, and based on Jean Webster's novel" Daddy- Long- Legs". The film stars Mary Pickford.

Olaf Ittenbach
Olaf Ittenbach( born 1 April 1969) is a German horror movie director, actor and special effects artist.

Ray Griggs (director)
Ray Griggs is a director, writer and producer in Hollywood, California, and owner of RG Entertainment, Ltd. His work has won several awards. His 2009 project," Super Capers", a family comedy about an ordinary person joining a host of low- key superheroes, stars Tom Sizemore, Doug Jones and Christine Lakin. Griggs is also known for creating an 8- minute film short" Lucifer" about the Biblical account of the fallen angel and subsequent war in heaven. The award- winning short starred Jason Lewis as Lucifer and Bru Muller as the archangel Michael. In 2010, Griggs filmed the conservative documentary about socialism and the role of government in society entitled" I Want Your Money". The film, released October 15 nationwide, features interviews with economists, conservative personalities and government officials.

Long Legs, Long Fingers
Long Legs, Long Fingers is a 1966 West German comedy crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Senta Berger, Joachim Fuchsberger and Martin Held. The film's sets were designed by Isabella and Werner Schlichting. It was shot at the Spandau Studios in Berlin and on location at Charlottenburg Palace and Caesarea in Israel.