Félicité (2017 film)
Félicité is a 2017 Senegalese drama film set in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and directed by Alain Gomis. It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear in the main competition section of the 67th Berlin International Film Festival. At Berlin, the film won the Jury Grand Prix award. At the 2017 Africa Movie Academy Awards, it won six awards which is the highest for a film in the history of the award ceremony, including categories for best film, best actress, best supporting actor, best editing, best soundtrack and best film in an African language. It was selected as the Senegalese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards, making the December shortlist. It was the first time Senegal had sent a film for consideration for the Best Foreign Language film.

Satan Town
Satan Town is a 1926 American Western film featuring Harry Carey. Prints of the film have survived.

Villa Amalia (film)
Villa Amalia is a 2009 French drama film adapted from the novel" Villa Amalia" by Pascal Quignard. It is directed by Benoît Jacquot and stars Isabelle Huppert.

Alain Gomis
Alain Gomis( born 6 March 1972) is a French- Senegalese film director and screenwriter. His 2017 film" Félicité" was selected as the Senegalese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards, making the December shortlist.

Benoît Jacquot
Benoît Jacquot( born 5 February 1947) is a French film director and screenwriter who has had a varied career in European cinema.

The A-Team (comics)
The A- Team TV series and film have been adapted into several comics.

Villa Amalia (novel)
Villa Amalia is a novel by the French author Pascal Quignard. It was first published in 2006 by Gallimard, and has appeared in their" folio" series as no. 4588., it has been translated into Russian.

Mr. Right (2009 film)
Mr. Right is a 2009 British film directed by David Morris and Jacqui Morris. The jointly- made gay- themed film is the debut for both directors.

Cold Breath
Cold Breath is a 2017 film by Abbas Raziji.

Villa Amalia
Villa Amalia may refer to: