Kai Ko
Kai Ko or Ko Chen- tung( born 18 June 1991) is a Taiwanese actor and singer. Ko won Best New Actor at the 48th Golden Horse Awards and the 12th Chinese Film Media Awards for his starring role in the film" You Are the Apple of My Eye", also his film debut. In November 2011, Ko released his debut studio album" Be Yourself".

Ko Tun-hwa
Vice Admiral Ko Tun-hwa( 18 September 1921; Fuzhou – 12 June 2010, Taipei) was a geostrategist, former Vice Minister of Defense of Taiwan and former National Policy Advisor to the President of the Taiwan. Admiral Ko Tun- hwa graduated in 1957 with the first class of the Naval Command Course, the first course for international officers, at the United States Naval War College.

Simon Ko
Simon Ko or Ko Shen- yeaw is a politician in the Republic of China, who is currently the ROC Representative to Spain. He previously served as the Deputy Foreign Minister of the Republic of China from September 2012 to January 2016.

Myo Ko Tun
Myo Ko Tun (born 9 March 1995) is a footballer from Burma, and a midfielder for the Myanmar U-19 national football team and Yadanarbon FC.He is born in Pakokku, Magway Division. In 2009, he joined the Myanmar Football Academy in Mandalay. He had played in U-19 football team.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Bruce Cummins
Bruce Cummins( 17 November 1929 – 22 August 2017) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League( VFL). Bruce began with the Commonwealth Bank FC seniors, as a 19- year old in the amateurs. In six seasons, mainly as a defender, Bruce wore the Blue and Gold in 57 matches, scoring two goals. Recruitment by VFL club St Kilda was short- lived for a 25- year old. A year on, Bruce joined East St Kilda CYMS for the next 3 winters, before hanging up his boots relatively young at 28. A year on, his coaching career began with the Commonwealth Bank under 19s in their inaugural season. Seven years later, including one season as the club's second- only reserves coach after Jim Carroll lead as captain- coach in the inaugural winter, Bruce retired permanently from the game aged 35. Some credit must go to Bruce for the junior premiership just two years later. For services to the Commonwealth Bank club over 13 seasons, life membership was awarded in 1963.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Fujiwara no Tadahira
He is also known as" Teishin- Kō"( 貞信公) or" Ko- ichijō Dono"( 小一条殿) or" Ko- ichijō daijō- daijin".