NMC Jhapa
The Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd. was established in 1994 March 8 by 26 Founder Members. It was established first with Shree Bachat Tatha Rin Sahakari Sanstha Li. and received authorization from Nepal Rastra Bank to run Limited Banking transactions. Later the Name was changed to Nepal Multipurpose Cooperative Society Ltd.

Veerplas
Veerplas is an artificial lake directly east of the Dutch city of Haarlem. It was dug in 1994, mainly for recreation purposes and forms part of the Spaarnwoude recreational area. The lake measures 450 by 400 metres. The southern shore is formed by a constructed wetland used for water purification. Large numbers of waterfowl may be found here and along the swampy eastern shore during the winter season( e.g. greylag geese, wigeons, common goldeneyes). The local angling club has released carps into the lake. A sandy beach measuring some 300 m was created at the western shore. An area sufficiently shallow to accommodate safe swimming by inexperienced bathers is cordoned off. Furthermore, a grassy sunbathing area sporting a public toilet adjoins the lake, as well as a children's adventure playground. The lake is only a short walking distance from Haarlem Spaarnwoude railway station and relatively close to the A200 and A9 motorways. This favourable location has helped to make it a popular area for organising mid to large- scale events. Thus, 2006 saw the Circus Herman Renz pitch its tent alongside the lake.

Bigelow v. Virginia
Bigelow v. Commonwealth of Virginia, 421 U.S. 809( 1975), was a United States Supreme Court case that established First Amendment protection for advertising.

Circus Herman Renz
Circus Herman Renz is the largest circus in the Netherlands, and has been touring the Netherlands and other countries since 1911.

Circus Bassie & Adriaan
Circus Bassie& Adriaan was a large Dutch circus that had made different tours through the Netherlands and Belgium. It has been touring in the periods 1980- 1982 and 1985- 1989. The directors of the circus were Bassie& Adriaan( Bas van Toor and Aad van Toor), a Dutch artist duo between 1976 and 2003. Bassie is a clown and Adriaan acrobat. Together they made nine large television series for children. Also one of the directors was TV- producer Joop van den Ende. The staff of Circus Herman Renz was involved with the entire transport of Circus Bassie& Adriaan at its start.

MK One
MK One was a British fashion retailer.

Circus Renz
Circus Renz was a German circus company. It was established in 1842 in Berlin by Ernst Jakob Renz( 1815–1892) as" Circus Olympic" and existed until 1897. The company had several stationary buildings in Berlin, Hamburg, Bremen, Breslau and Vienna. Today several circus companies in Germany make use of the family name" Renz". Among them," Circus Universal Renz" and" Zirkus Renz Manege" are the biggest. Apart from them, there are other circusses of the name" Renz" out of Germany, e.g. Dutch" Circus Renz InternationalCircus Renz Berlin" and" Circus Herman Renz", who are often falsely assumed to be linked to the famous dynasty.

Sobotište
Sobotište is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia. In 1845 there was established first cooperative in Europe by Samuel Jurkovič( Spolok gazdovský).

BESIX
BESIX Group is a construction group based in Brussels, one of the world's leading international contractors according to the ENR ranking. Active since 1909, BESIX operates in Europe, the Middle East, Oceania, Africa, North America and Asia. Its achievements include Dubai ’s Burj Khalifa, the world ’s tallest tower, buildings of the European Parliament in Brussels, infrastructure at the Charles de Gaulle Airport, the renovation of the Atomium in Brussels, the Sheikh Zayed Mosque in Abu Dhabi, the Grand Egyptian Museum on the Giza pyramids plateau as well as the world's largest Waste- to- Energy plant in Dubai. In 2018, BESIX had a turnover of 2.54 billion euros and 15,000 employees worldwide.

Circus of Nero
The Circus of Nero or Circus of Caligula was a circus in ancient Rome, located mostly in the present- day Vatican City.