Andrey Vilkitsky
Andrey Ippolitovich Vilkitsky  was a Russian hydrographer and surveyor. He was born in the Minsk Governorate. His son, Boris Vilkitsky followed up his father's work; the Vilkitsky Islands are named after him.

Fiona McIntosh
Fiona McIntosh( born 1960) is an author of adult and children's books who lives in Australia. She was born in Brighton, England and between the ages of three and eight, travelled a lot to Africa due to her father's work. At the age of nineteen, she travelled first to Paris and later to Australia, where she has lived ever since. In 2007, she released a crime novel," Bye Bye Baby", under the pseudonym of Lauren Crow, however the pen name has since been dropped for the republished edition of" Bye Bye Baby" and for the sequel," Beautiful Death".

Hernando de Cabezón
Hernando de Cabezón, (baptized 7 September 1541 – 1 October 1602) was a Spanish composer and organist, son of Antonio de Cabezón. Only a few of his works are extant today, and he is chiefly remembered for publishing the bulk of his father's work.

David Shute
David Shute is a British journalist, best known for his work at the BBC.

Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann
Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann (26 November 1792 in Zeitz – 19 April 1864) was a German Protestant theologian and educator best known as the author of orientalist grammatical works. In 1815 he received his PhD from the University of Leipzig, where he was a student of Ernst Friedrich Karl Rosenmüller. Following graduation he worked for several years as a private tutor to the family of Friedrich Graf Kleist von Nollendorf. From 1822 up until his death in 1864 he was a teacher at the Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium in Berlin. Concurrently, he passed his habilitation for theology at the University of Berlin (1823), where in 1835 he was named an associate professor of theology. In 1839 he received an honorary doctorate in theology from the University of Leipzig.

Max Uhlemann
Max Uhlemann, in full Maximilian Adolph Uhlemann (died 1862) was a German Egyptologist who in 1853 published the third Latin translation of the Egyptian hieroglyphic text of the Rosetta Stone inscription. He was the son of Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann, who taught theology at the universities of Berlin and Leipzig. Max Uhlemann's research at Leipzig, where he initially studied history and archaeology and eventually specialised in ancient Egypt and its literature, led to a doctorate in 1851. Gustav Seyffarth was among his teachers at Leipzig. In 1853, apart from his work on the Rosetta Stone, he also completed and published a Coptic grammar. From 1854 until his early death in 1862 he was a lecturer ("Privatdozent") in Egyptian language and literature at the Universität Göttingen. His "Drei Tage in Memphis" (1856) was an early attempt to describe everyday life in ancient Egypt for a general audience; an English translation, "Three Days in Memphis", appeared in 1858. This was followed by a historical novel, "Der letzte der RamessidenThe Last of the Ramessids"), which ran to two editions in 1860 and 1863.

Dave Grossman (game developer)
Dave Grossman is an American game programmer and game designer, most known for his work at Telltale Games and early work at LucasArts. He has also written several children's books, and a book of" guy poetry" called" Ode to the Stuff in the Sink".

Emanuel Glicen Romano
Emanuel Glicen Romano or Emanuel Glicenstein( 1897 – 1984) was a painter born in Italy. He emigrated to America and spent some time in Safed in Israel. where he organised a museum for his father's work.

Frank Wildhorn
Frank Wildhorn( born November 29, 1958) is an American composer known for both his musicals and popular songs. He is most known for his musical" Jekyll& Hyde", which ran four years on Broadway, and for writing the# 1 International hit song" Where Do Broken Hearts Go" for Whitney Houston.

Christopher Shinn
Christopher Shinn is an American playwright. His play" Dying City"( 2006) was a finalist for the 2008 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and" Where Do We Live"( 2004) won the 2005 Obie Award, Playwriting.