Martin Davidson
Martin Davidson (born November 7, 1939) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, television director. After attending the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, he spent four (five counting tours) years as an actor in Off Broadway shows and regional theater. His directorial debut was "The Lords of Flatbush" starring Sylvester Stallone, Henry Winkler and Susan Blakely. He won an ACE award for his film "Long Gone". He is married to residential and restaurant designer Sandy Davidson.

Neill Barry
Neill Barry( born November 29, 1965) is an American film, television and stage actor, as well as an occasional screenwriter. Films in which he has acted have grossed collectively over$ 90,000,000. Barry was born in New York City, New York. He made his acting debut at the age of thirteen in Martin Davidson's film" Hero at Large". He co-wrote and starred in the independent film" Friends& Lovers", which also starred Robert Downey Jr., Claudia Schiffer and Stephen Baldwin. Barry portrays Philip Rearden in" Atlas Shrugged"( 2011), the film adaptation of Ayn Rand's novel of the same name.

Giannis Dalianidis
Giannis Dalianidis( 31 December 1923 – 16 October 2010) was a Greek film director. His first film was" Mousitsa", released in 1959, which was followed by a series of musicals. Between 1974 and 1981, he produced the television series" Luna Park". In 2002, he was dubbed a" national film hero" at the International Thessaloniki Film Festival.

Leonard Harris (actor)
Leonard Harris( September 27, 1929 – August 28, 2011) was an American critic, author, and actor. He played Senator Charles Palantine in the Martin Scorsese film" Taxi Driver" and the mayor in" Hero at Large".

Peter Levin
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.

The Seventh Company Outdoors
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux. It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.

Hero at Large
Hero at Large is a 1980 American comedy film starring John Ritter and Anne Archer. The film was written by AJ Carothers and directed by Martin Davidson. The original music score was composed by Patrick Williams.

Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to?
Now Where Did the 7th Company Get To? is a 1973 French- Italian comedy war film directed by Robert Lamoureux. The film portrays the adventures of a French Army squad lost somewhere on the front in May 1940 during the Battle of France.

Athiya Shetty
Athiya Shetty( born 5 November 1992) is an Indian actress who appears in Bollywood films. She debuted in the romantic action film" Hero" for which she received a Filmfare award nomination for the Best Female Debut.

Ian Barry (director)
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.