Mubarak Khwaja
Mubarak Khwaja was the khan of White Horde between 1320- 1344. He succeeded his brother, Ilbasan, with the assistance of Uzbeg, Khan of the Golden Horde and the House of Batu. However, he declared his independence from Sarai. The Khan sent his son Tini Beg to overthrow him. Thus, he was replaced by Chimtay, son of Ilbasan. He may have lived longer after his dethronement, occupying some lands.

Heyran Khanim
Heyran Khanim was an Azerbaijani poet who lived in the first half of the 19th century.

Henryk Derczyński
Henryk Derczyński( 1906- 1981) was a photographer, who lived in Poland.

R. Charlton (poet/songwriter)
R. Charlton, who lived in the early nineteenth century, was a Tyneside poet/ songwriter.

Maximus of Tyre
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic. His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens. Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.

Justin (historian)
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.

Fred H. Frank
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.

Hamlet Gonashvili
Hamlet Gonashvili( 20 June 1928- 25 July 1985), sometimes referred to as" the voice of Georgia", was a Soviet- born Georgian singer( tenor), influential teacher, and performer of traditional Georgian music. Gonashvili was born in eastern Georgia and is considered the best interpreter of songs from the Kartli and Kakheti regions. He was a recipient of many national honours and prizes. The Third Symphony of the Georgian composer Giya Kancheli drew inspiration from Gonashvili's singing, and he was himself the soloist in the first recording of the work( Olympia Records, 1979). He died in 1985, at the height of his fame, as the result of a fall from an apple tree. " Hamlet"( JARO, 1985) is a collection of his most impressive songs.

Gaius Julius Aquila
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.

Adolphe Berty
Adolphe Berty( also known as Boulet; 13 May 1818, Paris – 18 August 1867, Paris) was a historiographer, archaeologist, historian of architecture, and French architect. Berty was the founder of Parisian topography; he was also responsible for important work on the historiography of Paris. One of his main works is the" Topographie historique du vieux Paris"