Edinburgh Magazine and Review
The Edinburgh Magazine and Review was a Scottish periodical, published monthly from 1773 to 1776. It was founded by Gilbert Stuart, who pursued an aggressive editorial line that eventually led to the magazine's demise.

Vsyakaya vsyachina
Vsyakaya vsyachina( which may be translated as" Tutti- Frutti" or All Sorts and Sundries) was a Russian weekly magazine, established in 1769. In 1770, there were 18 issues of the magazine entitled" Барышек всякия всячин ы"( Baryshek vsyakiya vsyachiny). Empress Catherine II was a private editor- in- chief of the magazine. " Vsyakaya vsyachina" ridiculed the morals and manners of the Russian gentry and protected moderate moralizing satire. At the same time, the magazine came out against oppositionary moods in the society, primarily attacking progressive satiric magazines published by Nikolay Novikov.

Edinburgh Magazine
Edinburgh Magazine may refer to:

Sri Ramakrishna Vijayam
Sri Ramakrishna Vijayam is a Tamil language spiritual magazine published by Sri Ramakrishna Math, Chennai. The magazine has been published monthly since 1921. This magazine is considered to be an ancient leading spiritual and cultural magazine in Tamil Nadu.

Emma Tate
Emma Tate or Tait may refer to:

Richard Tate
Richard Tate or Tait may refer to:

Tait's Edinburgh Magazine
Tait's Edinburgh Magazine was a monthly periodical founded in 1832. It was an important venue for liberal political views, as well as contemporary cultural and literary developments, in early- to- mid- nineteenth century Britain. The magazine was founded by William Tait( 1792 – 1864), the son of a builder and an inheritor of a large fortune. Tait was an" independent radical" in politics; he strongly favored the Whig party. 1832 was a time of great political ferment, with the first Reform Bill the dominant subject of discourse. Tait's periodical was intended as a" Radical riposte" to" the politically revanchist but culturally avant- garde" Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine" Tait's" welcomed many new and unknown writers like Robert Nicoll, as well as established voices like James Henry Leigh Hunt, and figures of future fame like Harriet Martineau and John Stuart Mill. From 1833 on," Tait's Magazine" was a regular venue for the essays of Thomas De Quincey. De Quincey's series of biographical essays on the Lake Poets( later collected as" Recollections of the Lake Poets") were featured in" Tait's" between 1834 and 1840. Tait published a range of other selections by De Quincey, including, somewhat surprisingly," A Tory's Account of Toryism, Whiggism and Radicalism"( December 1835, January 1836). That article, however, was supplied with many sarcastic footnotes disagreeing with its points —" objecting foot- notes from the pen, presumably, of Tait himself." In 1834" Tait's Magazine" was combined with" Johnstone's Edinburgh Magazine", a liberal periodical started two years earlier by husband and wife John Johnstone and Christian Isobel Johnstone. She was an early feminist who wrote extensively for" Tait's" in the following years, becoming the magazine's" chief contributor and director" under William Tait himself. Christian Johnstone was" the first woman to serve as paid editor of a major Victorian periodical," to which she brought" fresh life and popularity." In the same year Alexander Bailey Richmond took the magazine's London agents to court, for reviewing a work calling Richmond a government spy: the defence was successful. Christian Johnstone died in 1857;" Tait's Magazine" ceased publication in 1861.

Personal Computer World
Personal Computer World( PCW)( February 1978- June 2009) was the first British computer magazine. Although for at least the last decade it contained a high proportion of Windows PC content( reflecting the state of the IT field), the magazine's title was not intended as a specific reference to this. At its inception in 1978' personal computer' was still a generic term( the Apple II, PET 2001 and TRS- 80 had been launched as personal computers in 1977.) The magazine came out before the Wintel( or IBM PC compatible) platform existed; the original IBM PC itself was introduced in 1981. Similarly, the magazine was unrelated to the Amstrad PCW.

Word Up! (magazine)
Word Up! was an American magazine focusing on teen entertainment and music. The magazine was part of Enoble Media Group. Its main focuses were African- American teen singers, rappers, models, and prodigies. The magazine came out monthly and usually had many posters and contests for fans of famous" To Die For" celebrities. It was very popular in the 1980s. The magazine mostly covered information concerning rap, Hip- hop and R&B music. The headquarters was in Paramus, New Jersey. As of 2012," Word Up" ceased publication. The last dated issue was April 2012.

Boa Vista (literary magazine)
Boa Vista( Portuguese for" beautiful view") was a German literary magazine, founded in Hamburg in 1974 and published until 1983. The magazine came out at irregular intervals and produced ten issues.