Aziz al-Dawla
ʿ Azīz al- Dawla Abū Shujāʿ Fātik al- Waḥīd ī ibn ʿ Abd Allāh al- Rūmī, better known simply as Aziz al- Dawla( d. 1022), was the first Fatimid governor of Aleppo in 1016/ 17–1022. An ethnic Armenian, Aziz al- Dawla started his political career as a trusted" ghulam"( military slave) of Manjutakin al- Azizi, the Fatimid governor of Damascus during the reign of Caliph al- Hakim( 996–1021). The latter appointed Aziz al- Dawla governor of Aleppo, which experienced prosperity during his rule. By 1020, Aziz al- Dawla was acting independently of al- Hakim's authority by issuing coins in his name and having his political sovereignty declared in Friday prayers. When al- Hakim sent an army to force Aziz al- Dawla into submission, the latter appealed for Byzantine support but canceled the appeal when al- Hakim mysteriously disappeared in early 1021. Afterward, the Fatimid court attempted to reconcile with Aziz al- Dawla, who nonetheless moved to secure his rule by building a well- fortified palace at the foot of the Aleppo's citadel. In July 1022, Aziz al- Dawla was murdered in his sleep by one of his" ghulams"( slave soldier) in a plot devised by another of his" ghulams", Abu'l- Najm Badr, with likely backing from al- Hakim's virtual successor, Sitt al- Mulk. Badr briefly succeeded Aziz al- Dawla as governor but was arrested three months later.

Ziyar ibn Shahrakuya
Ziyar ibn Shahrakuya( also spelled Shahrakawayh), was a high- ranking Gilaki military officer who served the Buyids. Ziyar was the son of Shahrakawayh, the son of Harusindan, the maternal uncle of the Ziyarid ruler Mardavij. Ziyar had a cousin, who married the Buyid ruler Adud al- Dawla, and bore him one son named Abu Kalijar Marzuban. During that period, Ziyar, along with a Daylamite officer named Fuladh ibn Manadhar, dominated the Buyid court of Baghdad. After the death of Adud al- Dawla in 983, the Buyid Empire was thrown into civil war; the Empire was disputed between his two sons Abu Kalijar Marzuban( who took the name Samsam al- Dawla) and Sharaf al- Dawla. The Turkic soldiers of Iraq shortly betrayed Samsam al- Dawla, and went towards to the court of Sharaf al- Dawla. However, Ziyar managed to make most of them change their mind and stay loyal to Samsam al- Dawla. In 987, Sharaf al- Dawla marched towards Baghdad and deposed Samsam al- Dawla. He then imprisoned Fuladh and had Ziyar executed.

Safiyy al-Dawla
Ṣafiyy al- Dawla Muḥammad ibn ʿ Ali ibn Jaʾfar ibn Falāh was the Fatimid governor of Aleppo between October 1022 and April 1023. He was specifically assigned to govern the city, while the citadel of Aleppo was assigned to a separate governor, the eunuch Yumn al- Dawla Sa'adat. This marked the first time the Fatimids appointed separate rulers for the city and citadel of Aleppo since they gained direct control over the city in October 1016. Safiyy al- Dawla belonged to the Kutama, a militant Berber group that played a major role in the Fatimid military, and he was the grandson of the Fatimid general Ja'far ibn Fallah. He was bestowed with the title" ṣafiyy al- dawla"( chosen of the State). Safiyy al- Dawla and Yumn al- Dawla were appointed to Aleppo to replace Abu'l- Najm Badr. Nothing is known about their reign and Safiyy al- Dawla was dismissed in April 1023, and succeeded by Sanad al- Dawla Hasan.

Baha al-Dawla
Abu Nasr Firuz Kharshadh (died December 22, 1012), better known by his "laqab" of Baha al-Dawla  was the Buyid amir of Iraq (988–1012), along with Fars and Kerman (998–1012). His early reign was dominated by struggles with his rival relatives over control of the western Persian provinces, but by 998 he managed to establish his supremacy over the Buyid confederation. His reign nevertheless saw the increasing encroachment of neighbouring powers on Buyid territory, and marks the beginning of the decline of the Buyids' power. He was the third son of 'Adud al-Dawla.

Musharrif al-Dawla
Abu 'Ali , better known by his "laqab" of Musharrif al-Dawla (1003 – May 1025), was the Buyid amir of Iraq (1021–1025). He was the youngest son of Baha' al-Dawla.

Mu'izz al-Dawla
Ahmad ibn Buya( Persian: احمد بن بویه, died April 8, 967), after 945 better known by his" laqab" of Mu'izz al- Dawla(" Fortifier of the Dynasty"), was the first of the Buyid emirs of Iraq, ruling from 945 until his death. The son of Daylamite fisherman who had converted to Islam, Ahmad ibn Buya was born in the mountainous region of Daylam, and by 928, he along with his two brothers served the Daylamite military leader Makan ibn Kaki. However, they quickly changed their allegiance to the Ziyarid ruler Mardavij, but some years later rebelled against him after founding out that he planned to murder one of the brothers. In 935/ 6, Ahmad ibn Buya unsuccessfully invaded Kerman, and was later sent to Istakhr. From there he started making incursions into Khuzestan and later Iraq; by 945, he was officially recognized as the ruler of Iraq and Khuzestan and had received the title of" Mu'izz al- Dawla" from the Caliph, while his two other brother were the rulers of other territories and had also received titles from the Caliph. Throughout his rule, Mu'izz al- Dawla was devoted in conflicts with other dynasties for control over Iraq—in 946, an important battle took place in Baghdad between Mu'izz al- Dawla and the Hamdanid amir Nasir al- Dawla, which lasted several months, with Mu'izz al- Dawla ending as the victor. Mu'izz al- Dawla also fought against the Batihah amirate several times, but was unable to decisively defeat it. Mu'izz al- Dawla also had problems with some of his Daylamite kinsmen, who would sometimes rebel against him, the most dangerous rebellion being under Ruzbahan from 955 to 957. By Mu'izz al- Dawla's death in 967, he had defeated all his foes and was the unchallenged ruler of Iraq. He was succeeded by his son Izz al- Dawla.

Asfar ibn Kurduya
Asfar ibn Kurduya( also spelled Kurdawayh, Kardawayh and Kurdawaih), was a Daylamite officer who served the Buyid dynasty. Asfar is first mentioned during the reign of the Buyid ruler Adud al- Dawla, as one of the most prominent officers of the Empire. After the death of Adud al- Dawla in 983, the Buyid Empire was thrown into civil war; the Empire was disputed between his two sons Samsam al- Dawla and Sharaf al- Dawla. Samsam al- Dawla ruled Iraq, while Sharaf al- Dawla ruled Fars and Kerman. In 986, Asfar rebelled against Samsam al- Dawla, and changed his allegiance to Sharaf al- Dawla. However, Asfar quickly changed his mind, and declared allegiance to the latter's other brother Abu Nasr Firuz Kharshadh, who was shortly given the" laqab" of" Baha' al- Dawla." However, Samsam al- Dawla, with the aid of Fuladh ibn Manadhar, suppressed the rebellion, and imprisoned Baha al- Dawla. After this event, Asfar is no longer mentioned.

'Adud al-Dawla
Fannā( Panāh) Khusraw, better known by his laqab of ʿ Aḍud al- Dawla(" Pillar of the[ Abbasid] Dynasty") ( September 24, 936 – March 26, 983) was an emir of the Buyid dynasty, ruling from 949 to 983, and at his height of power ruling an empire stretching from Makran as far to Yemen and the shores of the Mediterranean Sea. He is widely regarded as the greatest monarch of the dynasty, and by the end of his reign was the most powerful ruler in the Middle East. The son of Rukn al- Dawla, Fanna Khusraw was given the title of Adud al- Dawla by the Abbasid caliph in 948 when he was made emir of Fars after the death of his childless uncle Imad al- Dawla, after which Rukn al- Dawla became the senior emir of the Buyids. In 974 Adud al- Dawla was sent by his father to save his cousin Izz al- Dawla from a rebellion. After defeating the rebel forces, he claimed the emirate of Iraq for himself, and forced his cousin to abdicate. His father, however, became angered by this decision and restored Izz al- Dawla. After the death of Adud al- Dawla's father, his cousin rebelled against him, but was defeated. Adud al- Dawla became afterwards the sole ruler of the Buyid dynasty and assumed the ancient Iranian title of Shahanshah(" King of Kings"). When Adud al- Dawla became emir of Iraq, the capital city, Baghdad, was suffering from violence and instability owing to sectarian conflict. In order to bring peace and stability to the city, he ordered the banning of public demonstrations and polemics. At the same time, he patronized a number of Shia scholars such as al- Mufid, and sponsored the renovation of a number of important Shia shrines. In addition,' Adud al- Dawla is credited with sponsoring and patronizing other scientific projects during his time. An observatory was built by his orders in Isfahan where Azophi worked. Al- Muqaddasi also reports that he ordered the construction of a great dam between Shiraz and Estakhr in 960. The dam irrigated some 300 villages in Fars province and became known as" Band -e Amir"( Dam of the emir). Among his other major constructions was the digging of the Haffar channel, that joined the Karun river to the Shatt al- Arab river( the confluence of the Tigris and the Euphrates). The port of Khorramshahr was built on the Haffar, at its joining point with the Shatt al- Arab.

Sama' al-Dawla
Sama' al- Dawla was the Buyid ruler of Hamadan( 1021- 1023 or 1024). He was the son of Shams al- Dawla. Upon his father's death, Sama' al- Dawla succeeded him to the governorship of that province. Only after a short reign, however, the Kakuyid ruler Muhammad ibn Rustam Dushmanziyar overran Hamadan and ended Sama' al- Dawla's rule.

Ali ibn Kama
Ali ibn Kama, the uncle of the Buyid ruler Rukn al- Dawla and the latter's other brothers Mu'izz al- Dawla and Imad al- Dawla, was a Buyid military officer who became prominent among the Buyids of Jibal, and was greatly honored among his Daylamite kinsmen. At the death of Imad al- Dawla in 949, Ali was appointed as the viceroy of Ray by Rukn al- Dawla, who went to Shiraz to secure the succession of his son there, Adud al- Dawla. Meanwhile, the Samanids used this opportunity to invade the territories of Rukn al- Dawla, forcing Ali to flee from Jibal. In ca. 959, a battle ensured between Ali and the Ziyarid prince Bisutun, which resulted in a Buyid victory. In 966, Ali and Rukn al- Dawla defeated a large force of" ghazis" who had arrived from Khorasan. Rukn al- Dawla later died in 976 and was succeeded by his son Fakhr al- Dawla, who had Ali executed.