At the Movies: At the Movies may refer to:

Committed (film): Committed is a 2000 film directed and written by Lisa Krueger.

Blowback (film): Blowback is a 2000 film directed by Mark L. Lester.

Rosie and the Goldbug: Rosie and the Goldbug are a British indie-rock trio.

A Piece of Eden: A Piece of Eden is a 2000 film directed by John D. Hancock and starring Rebecca Harrell.

Clouds (film): Clouds is a 2000 film written and directed by Don Thompson and produced by Will Arntz.

Bedtime with Rosie: Bedtime with Rosie is a 1974 British comedy- drama film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Una Stubbs, Ivor Burgoyne and Diana Dors. A pregnant single woman on her way to the Netherlands stays with her Aunt, while there she begins to strike up a relationship with her aunt's lodger, a reclusive bachelor.

Bōkenshatachi: This song was included in the band's compilation albums" Do the Best" and" Do the A- side".

Timecode (2000 film): Timecode is a 2000 American experimental film written and directed by Mike Figgis and featuring a large ensemble cast, including Salma Hayek, Stellan Skarsgård, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Suzy Nakamura, Kyle MacLachlan, Saffron Burrows, Holly Hunter, Julian Sands, Xander Berkeley, Leslie Mann and Mía Maestro. The film is constructed from four continuous 93- minute takes that were filmed simultaneously by four cameramen; the screen is divided into quarters, and the four shots are shown simultaneously. The film depicts several groups of people in Los Angeles as they interact and conflict while preparing for the shooting of a movie in a production office. The dialogue was largely improvised, and the sound mix of the film is designed so that the most significant of the four sequences on screen dominates the soundtrack at any given moment.

The Muppets Go to the Movies: The Muppets Go To The Movies( or The Muffets Go To The Movies as misspelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one- hour television special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote" The Great Muppet Caper".