Two Can Play
Two Can Play is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Nat Ross and starring George Fawcett, Allan Forrest and Clara Bow.

Escape to Danger
Escape to Danger is a 1943 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and Victor Hanbury and starring Eric Portman, Ann Dvorak and Karel Stepanek.

Only Two Can Play
Only Two Can Play is a 1962 British comedy film starring Peter Sellers, based on the novel" That Uncertain Feeling" by Kingsley Amis. Sidney Gilliat directed the film from a screenplay by Bryan Forbes. The film is set in the fictional South Wales town of Aberdarcy, and largely filmed in and around Swansea, Kingsley Amis's stated real- life city that Aberdarcy represents.

The Evil Within (1970 film)
The Evil Within( also known as" ′ Passport to Danger′") is a 1970 Indo- Filipino drama film directed by Lamberto V. Avellana and starring Dev Anand and Zeenat Aman.

Escape to Paradise
Escape to Paradise is a 1939 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton.

Three Can Play That Game
Three Can Play That Game is a 2007 romantic comedy film directed by Samad Davis and starring Jason George, Jazsmin Lewis, and Vivica A. Fox. It is a sequel to the 2001 film "Two Can Play That Game".

5 Steps to Danger
5 Steps to Danger is a 1957 American film noir crime film directed, produced, and co–written by Henry S. Kesler. It stars Ruth Roman and Sterling Hayden, with a cast that also included Werner Klemperer, Richard Gaines, Charles Davis, Jeanne Cooper, and Peter Hansen. " 5 Steps to Danger" was based on the novel" The Steel Mirror" by Donald Hamilton.

Two Can Play That Game (film)
Two Can Play That Game is a 2001 romantic comedy film written and directed by Mark Brown and starring Vivica A. Fox and Morris Chestnut.

Escape to Love
Escape to Love is a film. It was shot in 1982 but not released until 1986.

Assigned to Danger
Assigned to Danger is a 1948 American crime film noir directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Gene Raymond, Noreen Nash and Robert Bice.