Healthy and Happy
Healthy and Happy is a 1919 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.

How Do I Become Rich and Happy?
How Do I Become Rich and Happy? is a 1930 German musical film directed by Max Reichmann and starring Georgia Lind, Hugo Schrader and Ilse Korseck. The film's art direction was by Hans Jacoby. It was made by Bavaria Film at the Emelka Studios near Munich.

How to Become Happy
How to Become Happy is a 1986 Soviet comedy- science fiction film directed by Yuri Chulyukin.

The Buttercup Chain
The Buttercup Chain is a 1970 British drama film directed by Robert Ellis Miller. It was entered into the 1970 Cannes Film Festival.

Heil og sæl
Heil og sæl( English: lit." healthy and happy") is a common greeting in Iceland.

Get Happy: A Coming of Age Musical Extravaganza
Get Happy is a 2008 documentary film by Mark Payne.

Don't Worry Be Happy (play)
Do n’t Worry Be Happy is a Marathi drama by Mihir Rajda, which was produced on stage in Mumbai, India, in 2016, starring Spruha Joshi and Umesh Kamat in lead roles. " Do n’t Worry Be Happy" is produced by Nandu Kadam under the banner of Sonal Productions and directed by Adwait Dadarkar. " Do n’t Worry Be Happy" is a gen- next drama which tells the problems of E-generation and tries to find solutions to it.

The Bride Can't Wait
The Bride Ca n't Wait( also known as" The Bride Could n't Wait" and" Anselmo ha fretta") is a 1949 Italian comedy film directed by Gianni Franciolini.

Father of the Bride Part II
Father of the Bride Part II is a 1995 American comedy film starring Steve Martin, Diane Keaton and Martin Short. It is a sequel to" Father of the Bride" and a remake of the 1951 film" Father's Little Dividend", the sequel to the original" Father of the Bride" film released in 1950.

Happy Is the Bride
Happy Is the Bride is a 1958 black and white British comedy film written and directed by Roy Boulting and starring Ian Carmichael, Janette Scott, Cecil Parker, Terry-Thomas and Joyce Grenfell. It is based on the play "Quiet Wedding" by Esther McCracken, previously filmed in 1941.